Text
Thats it.... like....I dont like that statue
@Generation X Counting money that she been given for promoting hysterical green agenda.
@Paola Hernandez i never said to be intolerant and hateful........ -_-
@Firstlast300 Wow An opinion is that I don't like a color
WOW!!!!!!!That was so so inspiring and incredible!!! THis speech has just saved my day
@FALC0n  Yea sorry I know Asian is an ethnicity not a race... I'm just trying to generalize🤦‍
Blm nooooooonnAsian racism
What is making you think they are trying to make black lives matter more. I’m confused
I dont agree with homosexualitynFirst of all you are homosexuality
@corinthia Long sorry not to fight about this
I got called a white saviour for saying reverse racism is wrong. Oh well. 🤷
I didn't say he does? Your type seem to be so upset by people saying they are triggered that you would make fun of trigger warnings yourselves
Annie is saying she doesn’t agree with LGBT but you obviously can tell she she is part of the LGBT
I hate how that's the thing that people lose their mind about when it comes to Trump! after all the racist and terrible shit he has said it doesn't even matter whether this is anti-Semitic or not.
This world needs love
@Zach Jerde no it just doesn't matter? Because who actually freaking cares?
Why don't all lives matter? Explain to me .-.
Repent. God loves the sinner but hates the sin. Don’t believe this creature of Satan. She’s going down and she’ll drag as many as she can with her.
@Skrezo well thats good if gays become illegal in US i would give a party to my whole city.i am from filthy india and live in beautiful UAE
One-armed Bandit absolutely spot on. I used to love this ‘women’. Angry I have been deceived. Now I see the man he is. Pushing Trans agenda
Ikr she looks like a butch lesbian or something
@Tony Mario If you want me to take your argument seriously
Im only 11 but I LOVE science and math I want to be a trauma surgeon specializing in nuero surgery. I defintitely think that this will impower young girls like me or younger.
Can my dentist stay
link butt pls. every time.
I didnt see the 'survivor' part and i got mad.
Then let's take a look at how important LIFE is for BLM and what BLM is all about. nnA young woman and mother is shot by #BLM terrorists because she said #AllLivesMatter - and the mainstream is silent. nnQuotes
Sheriff Clark for president 2024!!
@fivedrock It's true isn't it? No matter what I say
Send them all back!!!!!!!!
Madonna looks stunning. I also love what she said about michael jackson.
@BJGvideos This is exactly what I meant.  He never once said that we need to keep kids sheltered and ignorant
Madonna is often criticized and looked down on because she is such a strong advocate for undeserved and neglected populations. It’s not only due to her provocative nature. I was waiting for Madonna to say that she is sexually fluid and/or bisexual when asked why she is such an advocate for the LGBT community. I’m not sure if she is or not but always thought she was/is.
I say we get rid of all racist tv shows
TheLegend27 Is Alive you’ve seen the comments in other threads talking about how she came out right
All life matter to China. BLM best for organs
Madonna forever. She is so genuine and candid. She is forever evolving.
Sunshine littlephilly    hesnnot your you are wrong about god i accept people that believe in it but i do not accept homophobic people they are just an disgrace to the world
thank you thats the point
typical kid who can't spell
It's the case for the loud minority
Those people are risking their lives
@Christina Lavinder More concerned about getting more women in STEM field rather than increasing the male graduation rate... So much for equality.
JESUS CHRIST....He is the ONLY answer!!
why not everything that lives matter?
@coolasice54321 Yea I get it man. I'll be the first to admit that when the black lives matter movement started a few years ago
Lock these cattle up!
Down with the tyrants of British slavery and brutality lol
Black lives matter is racist they wouldnt join up with hispanics if we started Hispanic lives matter and not one time mention them
the black guy looses obviously. the black man is guilty regardless of whether or not he initiated it. they're both arrested and charged but the gay dude will get a lighter sentencing.
We're in scarrrry times & potentially looking ahead at a possible 4 more years of the same if they don't get it right BUT Madonna remains a beacon of challenge and hope.  Well done lady!
Its a power vacuum like the exact same with Iraq
Black lives matter we want to see real change in Justice In our leadership that have the power to make it happen for us black people we are human being just like anyone else . We want equally Justice. In our Justice seyem  Evey were. And stop hate and racem. And stop cops builty. DEFUND POLICE . Stop killing our black people and our kids . Black life's matter
I was just sitting here thinking how much I agree with sheriff David Clark
No it will not. It will bring more support
This is about police brutality it has nothing to do with race
All Lives or No LivesnnAnything else is racist. How is it not?
@J K Rabbits unlimited.
we all heard sweater weather when we saw her
Is the person in the maroon a trans guy?
Democrats whoring for votes
@Maggie Paul Police brutality is not a race related issue. You do know that more white people die in police shootings than black people
Hi Jack have fun in ignorance
@Dead Sinner Some people are just wishful thinkers... so willing to see the worst
All lives can’t matter until Black lives matter
All lives matter but this is a black live mater situation black people are being targeted
Masterturtle 100 what
andrea raimey no one has to repent
All lives matter is not politically correct because the Politicians want blacks to be victims.
now the nelson Mandela statue  he was a terrorist
@Raider and why is that great
@Jason Aguirre yes. god even said that in the bible. protecting yourself. you think god is a useless weak pacifist?
Why do toys have genders attached to them? What defines a toy as being a girl's toy or a boy's toy? A Barbie is no more a girl's toy than anything perceived by the marketing industry or the indoctrinated majority population of society as being a boy's toy. You are right to say there is nothing wrong with it
Abdullah AlMamun nwhat is this comment lol
The 'white privilege' schtick is the PC equivalent of the medieval witches ducking stool. nIf the accused woman didn't drown
For every black person killed you can name a white person killed by police also. Don’t believe the hype. Liberals want to ruin this country
@American Patriot! aw yeah comment more racist tripe
For some reason I think this will turn into a war .. . And I don’t want that
Watch this right do the bible say ALL LIVES MATTER?
Blacks are going too far to protect their rights and trying to end racism and police brutality. Yeah sure Karen
Remember when the argument was no ones saying all lives don't matter? And now they're against people saying all lives matter
that one girl is DEFINITELY in the closet
I don`t want to sound harsh but humans will stay humans and when something is not normal it will trigger some reactions (good or bad). It is really a waste of time to worry about different reactions on your success
I’m asexual and lots of people don’t understand that
Great interview. This is who and what I think she is really all about
@Nibzu of Nibiru loved what
Not agreeing with that concept doesn't make you a bad person
BiC I Was Just GOnNA SAY THID AHAHAHAH
Invinceable nnI blame Fox News for the way you think
B. Scott I agree
Annie wasnt rude. She formed an opinion and expressed it when prompted to. Also stop assuming every women with a short cut is LGBTQ+
playing with barbies and choosing engineering  is totally fine girls!  electrical engineering came naturally to me i wasn't even worried about being less qualified than guys ! in fact my high school teacher encouraged me to go for it and yes he's a man + I come from a muslim third world country and nobody really cared if I was studying engineering or business or art
O People! Verily
Hannity... you forgot Lyme lives matter
Even by taking out a suspicious dude you're trying to save a life
The police officer is such a wise man
@Leeloo H Hi I believe I am a pleiadian starseed (meaning I incarnated to the pleiadian star system as well as earth) From my understanding a lot of souls do this with different places but don't remember. There are a lot of videos about this and indigos check them out I think you will like it. It's very interesting
This video is stupid
It's controversial because it goes against the agenda. Especially when it comes to George Soros. Repeat after me..I will be a good
Annie gives me a TON of lesbian vibes
@Zara Maria Dixon Are you named after the clothing store?
Ikr.. and something big
Dean Smith . Because they don't care about that. They are anti-white racists. That should be becoming obvious.
@Unbearable Suffering i guess in this current social climate those will have to be torn down too.
+Redblactivist how is Bernie pandering? I don't get it. He's been an activist for black rights as early as the 60s
i will never come out as bi to my grandparents because they are very proper and against LGBTQIA+. I came out to my dad and my sister. Im afraid that if i come out to them they will force me to go to conversion therapy
I’ll never understand when someone says they “don’t agree” with homosexuality. It literally has NOTHING to do with you. There’s nothing to “agree” with. It just is what it is and always has been.
It's not about equality. It's about racist black supremacy.
Ford Garcia nobody had to agree to anything! How someone chooses to live their life is entirely their choice. It's nobody's place to say I don't accept that because it's not their life to accept. You can have your opinions and beliefs but nobody asked for them especially when it had nothing to do with an individuals life.
@Gennifer Bowen In the spectrum of dumb Karens
He got boo'ed for saying all lives matter? How are they not racist for that?
Annie’s sexuality is really no one’s business. Stop speculating. It’s difficult enough for anyone to accept their sexuality without having people deciding who you are. nnWhatever or whoever she is
All lives will matter when blue lives matter
All lives matter is controversial wow what a world we live in and the left say they aren’t racist
She maybe thinks she is caucasian lol
that would just be
@B a n e probably with them rolled up pants legs but also the heavily religious family definitely made her say what she said.
And I honestly mean that. I get we don't agree with each other AT ALL but I still hope you and your family or friends (who ever you celebrate with) have a brilliant day. And also don't eat too much turkey... I learnt from that mistake last year Lol.
I like this police officer. He seems well educated. I will vote for you
If I hear another white supremacy comment I'm voting Trump
The real problem no has any  Respect for anything anymore
Bigoted sheep.nISIS do the same thing too
Destroying lives seems to be the message coming out of this movement because a lot of PEOPLE are dead or devasted by all this crap.nQuit lying to yourself
@Dave Rees lol I'm getting tired of typing. what false info tho? Also the idea that everyone within a decentralized movement is going to be perfect is a falsehood. And that stat is a 50 year prediction. Why does that matter to what I'm talking about? when they say minority they mean in the sense of all other races combined. I don't know why that's all of a sudden so bad.
What happened to her GRILLz??
What a waste of time. All for nought.
Share this if you wanna stop something
That picture of George Floyd's daughter makes me cry.
Amen! Unborn babies lives matters!
@Calvinist 1689 🤣 Don't be so quick to give Trump so much credit. It's not because of Trump that this is happening. This is an end to systematic operation. For people to argue witch oppressor will oppress you the best is foolish. Republicans and Democrats are guilty of racism.
@John Steven Britain and british empire was heavly involved in slavery and Bristol was slave port for a century. Edward Colston and others built Bristol from wealth gained from slavery labor in the Caribbean.
@Poseidon prove to me there is no God. I dare you.
@Jason Aguirre unrepentant and the ill-intentioned no
Tom C. It’s not saying they matter more because of skin color
We're fucked. I know. Don't rub salt in our wounds.The voters in sweden are fucking retarded.
@michael bledsoe you know what
@Dangus wouzld be great if it was like that but it is an antiö-white movement by now and as such going straight against their declared goals. I can't support that hate group anymore than I could support another hate group.
Kenneth Njapa Your point?
Ortaiηe Ðeviaη your not alone
No.... it’s a race hustling agenda; that’s why it’s hypocritical
A lot of people don't know that especially in South Asia
Who is she fighting?
Can anyone tell me what equipment or software is needed to make videos where you're in one area and the video in another?
Genuine...well deserved award
All lives matter ask God that question
@Theodore Haskins You criticize someone for giving an opinion instead of facts.  Then you proceed to go on a rant of your own opinions
It's amazing how woke people are these days.
All Lives Matter
@Baden Jones no you didn't find anything that supports your opinions
Just like ISIS and Taliban....destroying history !!
My cousin is pansexual. Pan sexual. It’s a joke we have
Two beers to this officer!!!
Yeah they do
Jan Smith People like you call yourself Christians
@tom - girl Yes you are right. But it seems like the attempt to help them understand is more of an attempt to make the idea seem appealing to them.
@SulttaaniSimo Yeah they do...some people just talk that way
Question that should be asked is why was the statue still in place. The protesters did Bristol a favour
See that's where y'all get it wrong. It's not about the color of our skin
@Yvonne Terran white man Divided us to (Berlin Conference of 1864-1865) learn your history
Sea Doggo that might be true. But doubt it. I don’t dress as a guy bc I wanna look like a guy or be a guy. Been around the block several times in life and that could be a really naive assumption you are making.
I dont agree with homosexuality ..... lol who's she kidding?
@anonymous one social distancing bruuuuuh
Maggie Paul That is not accurate. BLM has been outed as an organization that does not actually care about black lives. They care about anarchy and funding the democrats. All lives do matter and to suggest otherwise is...wait for it...racist (by definition).
He is  messed up
it's national socialism for people without a country
urgh making me hate black people
If I was Jewish I would be more upset by the people that see lots of money and the word corrupt and think that's a Jewish thing so it has to be a star of David.
Weed and women bro. Get with the times.
@James McNamara They're on SFBM AKA Sh#t For Brains Meals! And they eat copiously!
Only black lives matter! No one talks about the white guy that gets shot by the cop in the news . If you turn on the TV you only hear talk of black lives.
For all the fools who think are doing the right thingnn“We are trained Marxists
@Urban_ Rose I'm black and I agree with you.
If conservatives have an implicit bias liberals have an envy bias.
Mahir racism only exists in the mind of racists. Or minorities
TheLegend27 Is Alive nnyes.
Tbh. Though she does fit the lesbian stereotypes which is why people are going crazy about her . I never seen a straight female dress like that. And she feels uncomfortable to the subject which is what I noticed. But then again I’m a femme lesbian like a lisptick lesbian. You would see me as a Barbie  doll.
You sound dumb Af
I think the way that 'developing an interest in science' is marketed actually almost DROVE ME AWAY from science. No
And i thought there are stupid people only in my country.
will you tell me how BLM has helped raise the black community? what we need is better education. more of a focus on education. we need to lower the single motherhood rates in the black community. both of those factors have been proven to be linked with crime. i think that when we focus on raising raising our community from WITHIN that is truly the only way we can ever fix issues from the outside
There are lgbtq persons who do bad things. Thats a given. But that shouldnt be the license to hate everybody else in the lgbtq sphere cause a lot of us are nice and righteous. Generalizing is what needs to go. Ps
@Claire Caldwell why exactly chemical engineering?
@Pretend I put a Really Funny name here but I am bi and don't do that
The Queen! Never forget wat she did for the LGBTQ community!
All Lives Matter! Try to stop me from saying it Bully Lives Matter!
@Jesus is Lord & Savior The reforms (I'm referring to the #8Can'tWait especially) are so dumb and very obviously not thought through. It's clear that these people don't know the first thing about what they're talking about and get all their research from Instagram. Also
the thing is
GREAT BIG LIE is what this channel should be called.
Politicians on the left
Is anyone interested in a Georgia state trooper street racing  gt350 journey on YouTube
@MB G I sure never said that. I think everyone is of value. TBH after a while it comes off as bragging to me.
BLM is pure racists !n after they showed their true face
Stop killing the white farmers in Sout Africa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mark Tunstall Exactly right!!
Because obviously they don't.  All must bow to the all mighty black people's. We all know they created everything. 🤣🤣
Her daddy changed the world
Poor guy I feel so bad for him
hi there’s actually way to many humans on the earth so having less kids is a good thing
Socialist propaganda ..... all lives matter. The people suffering the most on this planet are the elderly.
I watch this every time I need motivation in life.
That's it sorted then!! Hit that statue with your Skateboard and the whole Racism issue should be dealt with!! Glad they have got to the real crux of the issue
The most sincere interview I’ve ever heard her give!
Tom W blm started way before George Floyd’s death and it’s general idea is justice for all those black people
Aw poor maroon shirt girlnNot out to herself
@Hippo Bottom Jeans  usually when someone is against it they'll usually suddenly come out and you're just like AHHHHH makes sense
Too everyone out there not just George Floyd was killed because of his skin color but thousands of people like Brianna Taylor #Black Lives Matter
What TJ fails to understand is that in America
that would just a be a pure mean
@Jin Jun Liu they also have a dairy cow now
Only plea to all protesters
alejandromolinac  You really don’t understand what was going on politically.
Like I told my friend black lives matter and she said no because she didn’t understand so I showed her this video now she MUSt understand
+Kiiro Sagi (Verified) At first I read this as sarcasm
This is a strange debate
How is this being tolerated??? After that  any public support they had for their cause just disappeared! Very smart.
I’m a female engineer at my university and there are four women including myself in my graduating class this was so awesome i almost cried I had the same set backs
Britain's were kept as slaves for 500 years by the Roman's! Does this mean white Brits should March on Italy and start tearing down roman statues? Or does it not count because it was whites enslaving whites? Hmmm only black lives matter
George Floyd was a criminal.. so..
@Ken Wagnon They haven't even acknowledged history let alone encumber themselves with facts.
+T. van rossum Because at the time they had all the power. But if you think white people don't work as hard or as capable as black people then your just a simple minded fool.
yeah it's called good surgeons
WIRED if you post bullshit like this again I am unsubscribing.
@Mark Slima smh dont speak to me when you have no idea what I'm talking about. I mean the cop possibly could have been paid.
Hi Debbie ! Your video made me very emotional. I am a professional mechanical engineer and i needed a proof to say i am not alone in this. Thank You !
Thank you !
How did i land in fairy dust village?
Well Tony Dennis
Proud Conservative I’m a liberatarian
Why dont they attack the Arabians  then ? they slaved more blackpeople then anyone back in the Ottomans Empire. And what about the Italians ? They hated the black culture more then the White Americans did back when in the Maffia days. Also for what did Martin luther King die ? I dont hear the Blackpeople say his name from their mouths
Many ppl point the finger at celebs bc of botox/surgeries; but will also point the finger at celebs that don't have botox and did not go under the knife.nYou can still see that it's Madonna. Whatever she has done
That sheriff needs prayer. He's lost and confused.
@Gameplay Central it is very much who we are and we can't change. You clearly learned nothing from this video.
This is so weird to me. The Presbyterian church I was taken to was extremely accepting and kind to everyone. Is it just American Presbyterians who are small minded?
I mean he was a slave trader though... and he didn’t deserve a statue. I’m against all these protests but I gotta admit a slave trader shouldn’t have his own statue.
It cracks me up when I hear someone say “I don’t agree with homosexuality”
@Daniel Crutcher  well it is like he wrote the future   and them idiots have taken it to heart  along with ppl of government  we eV have seen it coming for yrs slowly  starting with police helicopters with cameras then the streets tgen they took our rights to bear arms so we can't defend ourselves  and need to depend on government on our knees   1984 and animal farm   ya couldn't make it up Orwell even left the bbc because  he couldn't stand to be around the way it was going and served no purpose  so he left and here we are we it the bbc almost gone ppl like me paying no licence  and we live in big brother society  if it's not nipped in the bud it can only get worse in the future   he was a very clever man  put ppl never listen who need to know and listen  then these clowns  come around they must of been dragged up
BLM and Atifa is a part of the Marxist Revolution in America and the world!!!
She saved my life too.
The Queen! Never forget wat she did for the LGBTQ community!
It’s very important to teach these kids about this. I’m fortunate that I didn’t have to go through this when I came out a year ago. I’m 16 and I’m happy that my family loves and accepts me
Harry W I've been a software engineer for over 10 years and I'm at the top of the game
also that star didn't look like a star of david.  the star of david isn't a polygon and that star shaped picture was.  the star of david is a bunch of overlapping line segments.  THe clip art looks more like a sheriff's badge
She looks like Michael Jackson with botox lol
@Logan Schmidt it is difficult to win an argument against  an intelligent person
This officer is brilliant
The one at the end be some weird universe bullsh*t
Madonna is very inspiring
He's booked... he's mine
Black Lives Matter means Black Lives Matter to
the american constitution matters
IDIOTS LIFE MATTERS. Idiots Leadership for democrazy change! Idiotic nequality for everyone! Fire police
And also she was let to speak and answer smart question
yall are on crack i swear not all lives are in danger tf not all lives are getting killed cuz of their skin
andrea raimey yo mama should repent from bringing you to this world...!!!
We want justice. Now.nNo justice
@Bbm add#11 And just like that the thread's derailed. Congrats. You made it about you. I hope you feel special.
martini just reminded me of him 🤷‍
Is it still ok to be white?
Victimizing yourselves then listening to music that glorifies the exact thing you say you're fighting for black lives. Right?
I’m so glad I’m in the Uk where in year 11 we have our GCSEs and since 2004 girls have outperformed boys in all subjects
A study shows that women have sharper mental skills than mennThat is not an accurate interpretation of the study.
All lives matter!  Period!!   ALL LIVES!!
Every life Matters
Every lives matter
conversion therapy is torture.
@Maggie Paul maybe you don't understand. Police brutality is a  world wide problem. When you  single out a small section of  humanity  a this is
This sheriff is THE BOSS  <3 much love and respect to you good sir ..............meanwhile juan is an embarrassment
This is very well done
The fake enthusiasm of the interviewer is so repulsif. He looks lgbt definitely. Brrr
“Demon of homosexuality”nMe as a demon
WHO will the mob turn on NEXT?WHAT will trigger them?Palestine/Israel?Northern Ireland?The Genie is out of the bottle-it will be HARD to get the stopper back on!
Sheriff Clarke looks like a real man. Just look at those strong shoulders. He carries himself well compared to men on the left.. Men on THE LEFT have those weak droopy shoulders compared to men on the right. Trump has those  shoulders
Probably the best example of intelligence frustration I've heard. Well said.
It's a choice tho
@***** Specially if they have the looks of the girl on this video
White people just don't get it... probably never will...
But right now it‘s all about black lives
I am hard but I am fair. There is no racial bigotry here. Here you are all equally worthless. Do you maggots understand?nnGunnery Sergeant Hartman
Nancy pelosi she wants trump in prison
Good for hernnnnI KNEW IT
@ShadowSupra Get a brain sir.
What does BLM and a leap year have in common??n...n.....n........n........... Both occure and gain relevancy every 4 years.
george also if ur a trump supporter u must not be educated. And if ur educated and u still support him
@Rob Cthat was written by Paul
bike is short for bichael because the have a right too whether you like it or not
He seems so troubled by the world today. I hope he has peace in his personal life.
I can already see
Jessica Walker How can God love the sinner and hate the sin when in your eyes
COP LIVES MATTER
This is why I wish I was a boy. Sometimes because of the things I like
@StrudelGod SHE IS NOT A HOMOPHOBE. she is a Child of God who is trying to spread the truth so that they all don't go to hell!
Good one lol
@jmal sorry for the insult
Sarah Staggs isn’t America already equal
elvis ricardo Where is the systemic racism. Point it out
Why don't you put a too at the end of it then? That'd be more convincing.
@Sandra McDonald umm ...that should be a capital G...js
kysangie (internalised homophobia)
Mae Cedro good for you. hope it stays that way for you. It's not usually like that for us
The Book can consider what it wants. It won't change that I find it AVOIDS discussing some things altogether. And that Numbers 11 and 31 and Samuel 15
It's them who have further to fall
The gays are so wonderful.
Is priti secretly working to destroy the Tory party from within? It would be the only thing that would make sense to me!
The boy he wanted some tips so he can be there for his friend how sweet
simi loves music ur brother is full of himself... slap a little sense into him
Black lives matter is when your house is on fire. All lives matter is your neighbor standing in front of the firetruck saying why are you just going to his house?! My house is important too!nSo the firefighter yells
The lives of cows chickens and pigs matters.  Wake up top what's on your plate folks
Hello! I am certainly not the best to speak to this
it is said THEIR ARE NO ATHEISTS IN THE TRENCHES  their is probably NO SKIN VARIATION IN THE TRENCHES EITHER .time to unite
Says the person who has supports a president with more lawsuits than days in office
This sick...stop pushing this. You need to repent
@FLORAL CASH well Trump had all the numbers at record bests before Covid-19.
@FAZE ARNOLD nLet's talk about the subject. Do white people have to sit in the back of the bus now
Stop it!! Facts are evil and racist and they hurt my feelings!!!
It will end bad. What shall we do?? Forget all the good because our ancesters all n everywhere had slavery as a way of life. Then we stopped it first that should be applauded. Go n stop the existing slavery if u feel so strongly. No u wont. U r criminals at heart.
@Duo isn't holding my family hostage he held a gun on a pregnant womans belly whilst his friend searched her house for drugs and money.
Who inspires you to come out can be very personal. For me
@??? well he was asking her questions on why she didnt
YBC Jayy the people around her have this child brainwashed.  It’s not her fault
This is no longer about BLM! There shouldn't even be protests in the UK coz
Snorres Edda You're a fucking idiot. Tell me when BLM supporters went around LYNCHING people FOR THE SKIN COLOR THEY WERE BORN WITH. You CLEARLY know nothing about BOTH BLM nor the KKK to make such a dumbass comparison. Stop watching FOX News and go back to school where you can get yourself an education so you actually know what the fuck you're talking about when you speak.
Its part of the stupid cancel culture.nInstead of learning from their past
Atleast the Democrats nvr called the Military and National Guard on it's own people.
ISIS turned out to be proxy
The gap in her teeth is back
@poopman69 I never said you weren't entitled to your opinion.
Oh dear trying too hard to stay relevant?!?
But they killed David Dorn and ruined the lives of black store owners.
When I went to a protest in my city I saw multiple people with signs for Hong Kong and BLM
Nobody is selling out. Your twisted way of thinking is what's wrong with this country. No one is obligated to think or feel a certain way just for being a certain skin color. Just like all white people aren't indoctrinated to being white supremacists
Where were these protesters during the years of apartheid?
Except for the dismal stats that Mr. Elder shares with us. Before the pandemic
@Richard Mahn One i never said she did not matter here.. I say all lives matter. red
It's almost like she was told to answer those questions
If that is little you do not hope to rise above your circumstances
It's such a deceptive tactic. Evil manifests in various ways. I just hope we are all weary of deception.
all part of the plan
stop forcing people to forcefully study engineeringnengineering is made for humans nif a girls want to study engineering she willnif she wants to study something other than engineering she willnIts totally her choice.nnnnnA person should only study something in which he/she is interested in and thus can excel in that field only.
Asians aren’t very out spoken and their individuality consciousness prioritize the lifestyle presented to them by their parents. Asians are the only racial group to thrive through every political party during the 21st century.
The Jewish community is just about the only group Gov would not mess with.
I think sexuality is a choicennAh yes
like... umnwhy is being surprised by your occupation sexism?
MusaMansa21 go to Africa where it’s a majority black system
Why are people suddenly saying All Lives Matter? Is it in response to Black Lives Matter? Are the All Lives Matter people offended by Black Lives Matter? It certainly appears to be the case. When I see Black Lives Matter I am not offended. I don't interpret it as Black Lives Matter More Than Other Lives. Perhaps they should of called themselves Black Lives Matter Too so that the All Lives Matter snowflakes didn't get offended. Who in their right mind would interpret Black Lives Matter as something negative and racist? Perhaps right minded Proud Conservatives.
Why are y'all beating up a little girl?!? She's still a kid
AtlantisMystic Walker #12894 shut up with your waterfall of atheist theories. You can keep your self-absorbed beliefs to your narcissistic self. You criticize Christians for telling atheists they’ll go to Hell
God gave us free will
Jimmy Pop oh shut up
I agree with most of what you're saying
Man I respect that sheriff
The Kitty Bean which ends up with some “middle gender”s spawning asexuality
BLM is a hate group. Sincerely fuck you for supporting those abhorrent bigots.
@Soullessgingerftw1 Going to need harder evidence than that.
This is the same dude that pointed a gun at a pregnant woman’s stomach so the rest of his crew cold rob her house
RIGHTTTT i was like uhhhhhh ok......and that kids is why we shouldn’t judge a book by its cover
JONAH it's too confusing by saying all lives matter you'd be including blacks
@Covalent Media it's a statue that was made by someone else he himself did not make it. What are they achieving by tearing it down.
Only my life matters
Blacks don’t give a fuck about whites lives
@vanpenguin22 They do matter but I hope Trump wins so Putin can finish his plan.
Ros The Boss she deserves to be roasted for being discriminative
yee haw great analogy
This was a great interview! Speaking of great
@fridaymorning Yeah except homosexuality is a lifestyle and an apple is a fruit. People can disagree with a certain lifestyle. Since when did disagreeing with something make it nonexistent? If someone disagrees with something
Priti patel should be sent to India
I watched this to become educated on this matter
Hilda beast is immune from justice !   The deplorable one !   TRUMP VICTORY FOR FREEDOM
This gives me goosebumps
that would just be
If one kind of people aren't free
so beautiful to see hope the world leader sees this is freedom..
It's illegal in Germany now (or in the next year I don't really know)
As a woman I am deeply offended by this video. These feminists are making women look like idiots.
@TM3000 I like to listed to different points of view. I also hate sjws.
If white supremacist and racism is as bad as you say it is we would all be dead by now get over your self righteous bull crap and actually start building your community instead of  tearing it up  and terrorising other's and quit making trouble with anyone who doesn't agree with you
Notice all those Dems supporting BLM. Of coarse they support them. BLM is the shell organization used to launder almost $1 billion directly into the Democrat National Convention. Yea...of coarse they support them.n nBut Bernie? Lol! He's just stupid commie Bernie trying to play the same Pied Piper tune as the Dem's to try and steal some of the honey from their pot!nBLACK VOTES MATTER!
@***** bad trolling is bad.
I kinda think Obama should stay but it doesn't work that way....
All this stuff is dumb and I honestly dont care at all.. MY FAMILY MATTERS  is what I believe...I care about myself and my family nobody else
@heatonhaz  looks like they've succeeded
Now Chilli from TLC said 'all lives matter' and now she's getting hate. WHY?
That was so short
Not to Democrats
All this has done has made blm look like thugs
yes they do thats pretty racest
Soichiro Kato There shouldn’t be one for him anyway. That guy was a true asshole
@Robert Harris your pushing all the liberal propaganda your the puppet tied to their strings
Thank God for MGTOW!
Thank God these hollow headed F**ktards are not in government. BLM British Law Matters! They chant we can't breath
its not a hqte crime unless you did the crime beacuse they are black/gay. if thats not the case
@globglo gabgalab i like you more than my father
Ever heard of a tomboy?
@Harris Cobb suicide  is also voluntary
It’s just a kid calm down.
Now it is time to focus on
This was great! Very motivational!!
been a while since we have heard Sheriff Clark. we have not heard much of him since the whole Gerge Floyd situation.
It will never end as long as people keep voting for racist presidents who support it
@Mr Knowitall why is it that only black lives matter as you say? Are other races not killed by the police?
Aww the little Asian girl
currently Europe steals over 400billion from Africa every year pls pls Google it so the looting has not stopped it's the age of the neoconservative
I guess the only living legends are Eminem and Madonna.. Ppl should appreciate their presence instead of saying that they  are too old!
he is just a bad troll ignore it.
Crystal is everything. Great episode
@Doc Just get an ID as the law states and you can vote
Mark McAllister I know but i hate how multicultural people are destroying our country we did nothing wrong to them
ok but your username and profile picture are amazing
Second that. So true.
Humanity is so twisted
I am I bisexual Christian and I am so sorry to anyone that who has to deal with homophobic Christians. Most people in my church love and support me and others... It's the old people. They can't accept change and continue to be racist and sexist.
I’m Living Like Jim Morrison it’s the truth. it looked awful when she performed on New Year’s eve
TJ is my kind of feminist
That’s fucked up
She is genuinely a fighter for love
Where did they get these guys? Black lives mader was the right answer because black lives do mader all lives mader of course but black lives madetr is saying just that black lives mader and not that all live dont mader why is it that every time blacks do something regarding race white people feel the need to spark up their own
ALL INNOCENT LIVES MATTER
So anyone seen that video of the Dallas cop kneeling on that white dude’s neck? The guy died from a heart attack apparently during the incident.  He was high on drugs. The cops were charged. That scenario familiar to anyone else? Well the guy was white so we weren’t shoveled that story because it didn’t fit a narrative.
That's not what black lives matters mean. Black lives matter is a movement to protest against police brutality. And all lives matter was a movement to figt against the black lives matter movement.
@John Tooley  I clapped when I read this comment
Sayin all lives matter is a protest to the black lives matter
The girl in the striped shirt asked some really great
ITS NOT CONTROVERSIAL AT ALL ! ITS JUST THEM HATING BLM BASDARDS DONT WANT TO BE HEARING ALL LIVES MATTER !
Oh that baby lesbian. I am wishing her strength.
that girl annie its the gayest looking straight girl ever
Disgusting statue.nI used to walk past it to work and I was shocked when I found out who it was.nSo many good Bristolians to pick and that is who they picked.
Raider ‘may’ is he not aloud? He can if he thinks he should. So you think god would want a kid to be beat
@Amazing Worenwu it's a movement that SHOULD be criticized
It was Britain that stopped the slave trade and tried to stop it around the world. A disgraceful action for a USA criminal who I am now glad is DEAD
@On The Far Right The video on planned parenthood was heavily edited and if you actually did some research you'd see that money they were taking its purely shipping costs which they don't even charge anymore.nAnd again I'll say use Google and you'll see without any doubt that the Republican voter suppression is a serious issue.nnIf you're just going to come back with the same clueless uneducated misconceptions without bothering to research I won't be replying.
You mean like how you all do nothing about gang violence in the projects right?
@Sotsu that poor girl
If at some point they have achieved black supremacy
mattia M. nIs it possible that Americans misinterpret their own 2nd amendment?            nI'm not going to opine about my neighbor country's policing practices
Her voice has changed. She really is sounding old. Huhu
Beaten with a bible??? Really!!! Prove this! Wheres your parents and prove all that you say!!! God have mercy on this video of propaganda
@0 0 nNobody is celebrating a slave trader are they? It's history
No matter the reasons people have to rebel against a goverment unneccesary violence like looting and defacing statues is more mob mentality. The reason we have invented modern democracy (flawed as it is) is so people could solve disputes with discussion and peacefull assembly. A society where  everyone would have the right to assembly  free speech and  protection t from discrimination would come together vote on people to run the country and set rules (that did not violate the members rights) that governed the country. People who violated these rules or supected to would have a chance to prove they did not do it. Such a society requires peacefull discussion of the matters at hand. In such a society there is no need for rioting
Ur just an angry unibomber-type
I want to find out where he got those boots
I was a Bernie Sanders supporter but now I'm not so sure.
Charleigh Rosae thank youuu
Is Black Lives Matters
Sheriff is right
Uff Da then explain the miracles that have happened to me and many others. Don’t let your eyes continue to be blinded.
Priti Patel is disturbingly cold and crooked - like 10x more than the average Tory minster
I think Martin Luther King Jr would be proud.
Is the kid in the title a boy or girl?
Sweetpea.. not the place to make that comment
ISIS destroyed statues aswel
Never hire a feminist
why is williams aloud on tv
Jimmy Pop Mind your business. Her relationship with God is between God and herself. Now go and explain to God why you interfered in one of God's personal relationships...
The liberal ideology is tearing this country apart just so they can win black votes
No reason at all !   You control the words
@I have been diagnosed as mentally disabled
I think it’s time we the tax payers puts an end to welfare. Then they will all have to get a job and stop living off the tax payers
@tim osman I guess by that logic you aren't going to vote for our next president since it can't be you
This is lit
Not just the farmers ....the farm workers as well....u make it look like only the farmers re killed...for every farmer about 20 farm workers re killed and they re blacks.....southAfrica is a crime ridden society and the highest in d world
@everett Thomas your action  won't make life any easier tomorrow
@WOW What your saying is not wrong . But I am not sure that doing that would do anything other than divide folks further. What we need is to not let the politicians munipulate and pitch one race against the other for political gain. Right now its all bad bro.
This sheriff got kicked out of Fox and the GOP. He's now a Democratic.
Idiot has no spine🤣
This video is five years old. The same arguments are going on today. The difference is the black individuals wages
Bruh that’s different there’s some brutality that black ppl go through just that we don’t know about it silly
As Long as we keep calling ourselves black we see systematic racism end. Black and White true meaning under law is (status). It does not mean race. We should not identify with a color. We must evolve and comprehend no one can be the color black or white!! We are not African American if that were true we would have dual citizenship. Think.. Malcom x said we are (Aboriginals). ..They are playing us on both sides... for entertainment. Martin Luther King said we were here before they were here on the this land. Awake from the deception !!
Palestinian lives matter too
bet the quality of engineering goes down pretty soon
Okay. Okay. GHOSTBUSTERS NEW TRAILER (that played before this video) SAID ITS THE MOST ANTICIPATED AND LIKED MOVIE OF THE YEAR! AFTER THE ACTRESSES AND OTHERS INVOLVED IN THE FILM BITCHED ABOUT LOW EXPECTATIONS! OH MY GOD
A survivor?! Oh cmon what a bunch of liberal BS like he jumped out of a burning building. The majority of these kidsmeet videos spout propoganda. I.e kids meet a refugee
For a moment I thought that statue was gonna fall onto a crowd. Never mind.
Humility' is certainly in short supply in America ? God help the rest of us !
lizzy and i oop- yeah back then
Everytime we refer to a group of ethnics as a community
People of color? So white isn’t a color now?
@Kurby Puig Uh.. what? How am I attacking people? .-.
Because only white lives do.
@Marko Vujovic sounds fun
@Доктор Яйкин and i have proof of many more innocent black people getting killed
@Iris Arce Facts
BLM are the REAL RACISTS
This is why she's the queen. Amazing human being and artist.
I am so thankful I found this
Women can do anything they put their mind to! It takes studying and surrounding yourself around influential people!
Iam surprised extinction rebellion haven't kicked up about dumping it in the drink....
All lives matter cannot be true until black live matter as well.
The short haired girl is what people think of when you say lesbian-nChange my mind
hes right but still a hypocrite
Okay... If someone receives assistance from the govt. (meaning they aren't able to support themselves
@Clayface The Legend She may not be ready to accept it just yet
keep up the abandonment TJ best youtuber ever
The question is one thing do a life matter
Only reason they made Black Lives Matter is to divide people
And me sheriff
@Joe Smith yeah its more about equality and giving people equal treatment this black lives matter is just going to favor a race and cause more racism some black people who are liberals are more racist than white people. Some black people are starting to blame white people for riots and looting just because they are white people. People just want the black vote and mention race to anything happening to a black person.
They already did in 1820
Black Lives Matter is the new type of racism. Shame on you
I was beaten with a Bible' nThe book of the religion of love. More like the religion of hate amirite? nnnnnTough love. Only tough love!
This woman always surprises me
@Chris L I love how everyone just takes the slogan all lives matter at face value and then completely switches up by putting extra meaning on the slogan black lives matter. If anything is racist
SHE IS NOTHING BUT A TOOL FOR THE ILLUMINATE!!  SAD!
@Robert Watson nThat's cute
yes juice wrld will always be in the loving memory
I’m a conservative but all lives matter is dumb cus when u say all lives matter ur basically saying rapists lives matter murderers lives matter and tons of other evil people. But yeah I hate Democrat’s my whole family is Democrat’s and it pisses me off
I love your story Damon!  Madonna did the same for me with her first album!nnBIG HUG to you!
The lesbian chick saying she doesn't believe in homosexuality.... OKURRRRR?
When black lives matter more than anyone else why is that not considered racist? What makes a black life more important than any other?
I really love Marcus' shoes/boots! nnAnyone in the comments here know what brand they are or where I might find a pair?! 🤓
Racism will never end
It's Burqa Barbie and Kamikaze Ken in our newest dollhouse set dysfunctional muslim mansion!!  Get yours today!
Callie S seriously ?? Are you blind ??
Juan at end contradicting himself idiot
Sunshine littlephilly but isn’t it a sin to judge people / to not love people? I mean you’re breaking more sins by disagreeing with them lmfao
@Denise Bauer Frazier You  don't sound like any engineer I know
God does not hate gaysnHe does not hate anyonenThat’s kind of his thingnTrust me.... I’m a bisexual
@nathan bucknThe only people he sends to hell are the unrepentant and the ill-intentioned. He is the one who gets to judge sinners
@Little fellow ok
White lives matter
@Elie 192 Sin is an imaginary disease created to sell an imaginary cure (and control the weak minded). It certainly has made priests and preachers very rich for thousands of years.
@ImAlfie you're hilarious
Everyone will have to talk to there maker
Theres something about that sheriff i cant help but respect him...
@Kiley If that's so then how come no one provides proof? I have friends who use that style and are straight.
Vlad Burlacu Then why not just say that? No one is arguing (at least not me) that all life isn’t precious & for some of us
You can disagree with someone's actions or how they live their life and still love and respect them!
@Remmy 315 some thing's never change
They'd cancel their grandmas.
“I don’t agree with homosexuals...” Who’s gonna tell her
That's right! Black conservatives
Well I mean Feminism is a hate groupnnnnnso its not wrong.
I THOUGHT SHE WAS A LESBIAN TOO
@Aquariuz you didn't really have to say that I'm homophobic ok bye but yeah whatever
Here's the thing
they’re showing support. idk what’s so hard to understand
We shouldn't even have Black Lives Matter
She loves gays.  Big source of revenue for her
Thanks for this creation! I wish that this toy has for spanish children.
@Hai Huynh nHow does that make sense when more white people are killed per year by police than black people
Way to miss the whole point...
Jesper you know no one ever said that these were exclusive problems
@Paul Gavin That's a black man I would vote for
I’m living for the MJ inspired jacket
Madonna really has been going to Cher’s surgeon. And boy is it paying off
Bella’s Wonderland that is me. how’d you get into my brain.
Thank you so much Madonna
I am going to loot my local Gucci store for George Floyd
@Abdallah Shakeel people like you always tries to protect themselves by putting other horrible things in the conversation
@frank martin She isn't 61 yet
@Shayne Berg thank you so much fir your opinion that is what is so great about America free thinking...I don't vote personality I vote Policies.. trump 2020
@• deevon • What does it mean then? It means while saying black lives matter that the main point of the statement is that black lives matter  and that other skin colours do not come into the equation
Lucia S stereotypes are funny bc they are usually true...Meaning she is a lesbian stereotype. How many short haired girls donYou know that aren’t part of lgbt  I’m sure she doesn’t realize it yet but definitely is being suppressed by her family
saying I don't agree with homosexuality sounds to me like I don't agree with being asian or I don't agree with having two arms...like that's just how it is...
“God gave us a choice my choice is too love” that child won my heart
All lives matter to God the Creator
they aren't protestors their violent thugs
I love Madonna.  She truly is a freedom fighter and opened up doors for change.  She was such a bright light for many people and gave them hope in a time where being different seemed not even an option at times.
how come so many dislikes for a relevant subject....i have a daughter and am ashamed at how things are. how do you explain how things should be and more importantly how do we change all this for our children?
Aren't most people protesting peacefully? Riots just get more attention. By the way
@craig moreland I don't care about your garbage you braindead moron. Have fun with your invisible friend.
Shes still very beautiful
I've always loved trying to make stuff with Lego and when my friends doodled flowers and hearts I always sketched little 3d shapes and designs. Debbie sterling is such an inspiring and amazing person.
Thats a Girl??
Notice how the little lesbian not lesbian says homosexual-ality lol
As a nation we have failed one another!? The Lord who gave us our American  Freedom
Bernie the lying Jew.
The statue was there to remind everyone of how far we gone. Now we gone backwards again thanks to these retarded morons.
so because of Edward Colston these people were brought from shithole Africa to live in a developed country like Britain they should be thanking people like Colston
If they beat me with a book I would start yelling random Bible quotes I found that tells them why they’re going to hell for beating me with a book
@shane nelson millions of comments and yours is the only good one lol
I’m Christian but I’m also an ally! I chose love too! Conversion therapy is emotional and physical ABUSE!
I understand it's Racist to say All Lives Matter
Say it with black lives matter
If they worship him n only him. nGod's an Islamiphobe.
This made me cry. Thank you for posting it! This gives me hopes for the future.
The only thing keeping me going throughout all this is seeing the comments sections and realising most people are as angry about the left and the media as I am. I honestly think the day is coming soon when we will all finally have had enough and hit back at all this bullshit
Black lives don’t matter if you vote democrat.
Wtf why? He doesnt give a shit about youtube drama lol
Because another black man gets world wide publicity while people like Tony Timpa fall through the cracks. It's like his wrongful police brutality homicide doesn't matter. Look up his case and you'll understand. Because in the end it all comes down to skin color with BLM.
@Daniel Youngblood everything happens for a good reason and I couldn't hope more but for black people(other races too)to be treated equally by those who we know.
How are the BLM protests going in Africa???
the fact that he used doctor who as an example makes me so happy lmao
If you say all lives matter to a libs thay gonna reply with a metaphor like if a house is burning in a neighborhood bla bla bla
So only black lives matter to you?
and then it's happen again in 2020
Tampa0123456789 I was the best student in Mechanical Workshop Lab which included jack-hammering
My idea to deal with against racism and bigotry is to declare war against the Klan and Neo-nazis . I have 2 postal box addresses of 2 Klan groups
What an awesome video
Her face
I wonder if these same people would advocate destroying the Pyramids or ancient Tombs? They were all built by slaves
“I don’t agree with homosexuality”nnnEveryone
You could sense the frustration in their voices. Frustration they've probably dealt with from the start of their careers.
She's definitely trying her best to get some people to buy tickets for her upcoming tour cuz she knows it's gonna flunk. Her Billboard Award performance was such a mess that everyone now wants to watch Paula Abdul's concert instead.
@COR...PROVEN FACT?PROVEN BY WHO?
@akatsukiawsome13 he was making a funny South Park reference...oh well ;(
I vote on deporting all windrush descendants. All Arabs indians Effective immediately! ! Soon their will be a cival war in this country I can feel it!! God save Britannia!
I take a leaf out of King Leonidas booknnNo kneeling todaynn
The suit tells who you are.
@Rob S they lied to you.
Sheriff Clark Gets My Respect
@Sidney DaviesIs that mine
why they  lost...
Alright let's see how long it takes me t -
and if ur black and you don't identify with blm you get shamed for it nyippee
I guess the Mexicans don’t matter if there’s still a wall...
racism towards white people is now bigger than black racism but we dont cry
We are all human beings! We live
you are amazing !!!! I too loved dolls when I was young but now ................ Nah I want to become an astronaut
@Dragon Lord i kinda agree. People in my country have become too sensitive (Latvia). A popular ice cream brand made an advert
It is racist
well executed speech
I also recently uploaded a video edit that shows how corrupt the system is. Youtube keeps taking it down due to its graphic violence but its back up again. You can't censor the truth no matter how hard you pretend it doesn't exist. Disclaimer
I hope in the future they'll be like
Waste of time.
@Jan Smith prove?
How do you know? You cant judge her by her appearance
@River Rower you have a point.  It appears to be true too.
Is it just a coincidence all the guests are black??
Same except I don't even have a girlfriend lol
When a black man kills a black man he goes to prison when a cop kills a black man he gets a paid vacation
@I’m sxrry I never said he deserved to die or his life deserved to be stripped away from him
She’s always be on our side even the days when homophobia was rife!
You know what? I'm convinced now. With all the dislikes
don't be tolerant with intolerance
Only LGBT community can stand you
This is so inspiring Debbie. I am a web full stack developer
Because ONLY black lives matter
When I started watching this though she was part of the LGBTQ ngl
Ppl can see it but they turn away from it. It's called TRUTH
the little asian girl is so sweet aw
Political cowards they wants votes what a joke.
Strawberry CC lol it’s in the Bible but aight
You have to.
@hanz patinski LOL!!! I'm not ashamed of what others do. It is the human condition and isn't isolated to any one race of people. My prayer is God save me from being angry at others that I don't agree with. How can I be of service to others. I'm grateful for the things I'm not grateful for. It is where I find the grace of God. Thank you for your response. =0) -Jojo
Jatma O it’s true that God cannot easily be disproven (except by piecing fallacies from religious text)
@Timmy Mans yardstick?
People wanted to make more money
Sky couldn't resist getting that Muslim in at the end...
All lives matter! If you don’t agree then you don’t matter!
Hardly! That statue was a symbol of the white privilege that Bristol’s wealth was built upon
Slaves in Libya wouldn't exist if black lives matter. Gadafi was working on the gold dinar when he was killed by Obama which wouldve freed them.
they would need to pull down another two for that !!
Obummer was a plant of Soros to ruin USA economy to usher in NWO
Justice for george Floyd From malaysia
White society is based upon privileges  that were never intended to be extended to non whites. Voting rights
Probably the most vulnerable I've ever seen madonna.  A real champ.
wow i am lost for India of course but he was racist towards blacks until he met Nelson Mandela I think
jzizzles aka my family I love em but they don’t understand
stop brain washing these innocent children.
Useless police officers
Juan is delusional.....Sheriff Clarke is SPOT ON
@fly like a hornbill Sorry - I responded to one of your other comments saying I couldn't understand your viewpoint
China is correct
Not to China
Be original. Come up with your own joke for once.
Sheriff David Clarke for President 2024
Attention please sherrif Clarke
Sheriff David Clarke is definitely da man...man...He needs his own show..thanks Sean...
i was wondering the same
TheLegend27 Is Alive we get it you’re kinda homophobic
scott hinkel Other black people don’t like him. They say he is too white.
fapnawb n9 unarmed black men were killed by cops last year - unarmed doesn’t even mean not dangerous. If you think you are being discriminated against or targeted
Everyone's a f**** idiot this is how war starts riot race wars and everyone's biting into it cuz you're f**** idiots why why why whould ever go with BLM hmmm more support More money More income  he likes to eat everyone's doing it because they don't care they're doing it because it benefits them if u are going side with BLM. how shameful how disrespectful and how Lane do you have to be to side with one race when in reality we're all the f**** same thing we bleed red they bleed red I do not get yet ppl blame one individual and assume everyone else is bad not everyone's f**** bad it's just simple minded people thinking they know what they are talking about when they really don't and  black white does not matter u can not be the judge for any ones actions are the people around them please open your eyes
Conversion therapy should be illegal! It is totally a violation of people’s rights and it is physical and mental abuse!
That one young woman is not necessarily in the closet. I know many of the viewers on this are quite young and judgemental in a sense. I was also raised in a household with strong beliefs. I think it’s very incredible that she expressed hers and came on this show. It also shows that her parents are willing to accept her no matter what. She’s an absolutely beautiful and such an intelligent girl and I truly hope she reads more positive comments. Many of the people commenting are very young
People who sold black people into slavery want to rescue them from the legacy of slavery. Anyway
I’m so tired I thought that conversion therapy said conversation therapy and I was so confused like why do you have to survive conversation therapy
@Andrew Hall still funny tho
She is openly lesbian
Cal Gary A beautiful
It is just s book
We live in a world nowadays where facts are controversial
@Sλlty But I must applause for US police and army that they called for mutiny
Marisol Kim That as well!
I’m a Mechatronics engineering student and I couldn’t be more happy studying something else !
A load of people playing Joker. It will only harm they're cause in the long run.
On Dec 21 this year
Good one and I said the same thing~!!!
The atheist ovah here would like to join the beating idiots with a book party.
Cop pulled me over came to the window and asked for my licence and insurance and to search my car all in the same sentence. I told him he could search it then asked what i did wrong he said what you going to tell me you dont smoke weed. When another officer pulled up and asked why hes searching my car he said he thought it might be stolen after running my information already. If it wasnt for that other cop i would have gone to jail for being black.the cop wasnt following me i drove past him he saw my face and did a u turn in the middle of the street. I left the situation without a ticket.  Hell yeah some are racists.
all lives matter only exists as a counterprotest to a protest against racism
Yeah! Well there are lives that don’t matter. The lives that are hidden in a blueprint that only God knows about. But then when their presence becomes obvious then the argument comes in that     there’s a choice to be made. How valuable is that life? Sadly many times not at all.
Bob Lazar blm. They are disproportionately killed
4 years later and we still arguing
They gonna replace the statue with a JEREMY CORBYN  one
If you actually think All Lives Matter
If anyone really like thinks this is okay for a child to go through and they're throwing all this s*** out there in front of their face oh my God this is very troubling
@fapnawb you don't care about BLM you only care about george floyd
She's dressed like MJ.
Blue Diamond is the Oh Yeah Yeah nOh come ooooooooonnnnnnnn!!
No it should it not
They are young none of them will get the virus only old pricks who need to move on. The Queen is a nasty racist who defends her part of colonial oppression
Man this Police officer is a gentleman amongst gentlemen
Just saying it’s not like we don’t have a black tv channel
OMFG I ALMOST CRIED
@Wessel Jordaan Criminals and Muderers  lose  color and behave with brutality.
Is this really a problem in the usa? I'm an engineering student
Madonna needs to stop the plastic surgery
That's right. 2020 is the year terrorist organizations like Black Lives Matter will be remembered for looting
All lives matter black white brown
Heeeee Hawwww Juan.... what a JACKASS!!
If that was me id be proud i pulled that statue down and own up.
Anonymous W they do
@Panji Rizki she's homophobic. I don't hate or disagree with religion. People are entitled to religion
Or like in other countries
She's intelligent and beautiful. This is really inspiring. I want to be a chemical engineer!
ALL LIVES MATTER       LIKE DUHHHH     BLACK PEOPLE JUST NEED TO RESPECT THE FACT THAT WE HELPED THEM GET HERE SOOOO     NOWWW   im PiSsEd
hmm. good teamwork there
@Sλlty dude read the comment its not just US nIts about humanity
@alison barker  so you could say that you also assume the statistically small number of drug use its okey too... even drug use has many negative effects... No man
there is but it isn't inherently to one race. cop's should be held account for accidental deaths or murders/ abuse of force when authorized. the fact you labeled white folks lmfaoo yea you'r not prejudice though right?
+John Smith why don't we just agree to all life matters no matter what the color is human life is precious and We Are All Sons & Daughters of God no matter what our color
Juan Williams is right.nYou can get upset with the Democratic Party for pandering to black people
Black Lives Matter.  All lives matter.  God created us all.
Thank you Debbie for starting GoldieBlox
the fact that you guys find this funny is saddening.
Howard Trigg she is part of our community.
PREACH! I LOVE GOD AND I LOVE GAYS! AND EVERYONE ELSE IN THE LGBT COMMUNITY!
Third world people
@Alex S God is our leader so we do as he says in order to live a great life but however we are not perfect God only tells us to do good so there is no point making bad examples because that's just dumb now
Linda Godinez nI never claimed that the disparity does not exist. What I was inferring
Ever read There is No Unmarked Woman?
Sunshine littlephilly as a bi person
Ashton Zautke so oppressed
You nailed it
Mymo_on  straight.....
Four years ago during Obama's reign...He was hated by so many ...
+The Amazing Atheist knows whats up. Props for speaking the truth and not giving into all the  sensitivity these days. Seems like people cant handle the truth anymore.
Is it not disgraceful when your government is killing thousands with incompetence at best and food poverty etc !!!
@Jon Coen when her music isn't always played on the radio and so forth
I respectfully disagree. Roman conquests
@Miguel Baham it says in the Bible and my mom told me
ALL LIVES MATTER NO MATTER WHAT!!!! NO MATTER COLOR WE ARE ALL THE HUMAN RACE PEOPLE!!! GROW UP AS A HUMAN RACE OPEN YOUR MINDS STOP BEING SO IGNORANT!! THIS WORLD MAKES ME SICK THE WAY PEOPLE ACT NOW. WE ALL MATTER !!!!! #ALLLIVESMATTER #HUMANRACEMATTERS #NOSEPERATIONS
we should have never taken blacks out of Africa hundreds of years ago. We would never have had this problem
I already imagined that to be the case.nI guess the organizers didn't feel like starting a riot with those idiots
And is this a peaceful protest????????
Was I the only one who thought this was about the tv show?
Juan needs to wake up. We are a country as a whole
hahaha a dude saved you life.....oh how sick is humaity....???
She is allowed to have a different opinion. If she is being respectful of others theres no harm
I would include animals
I am just a high school student dreaming to be a Chemical engineer in the future. And this helps me a lot.
Because people shown their true selves.  Ignorant sheeple.
I can throw a bone to the more benign personalities among the BLM movement
Lol but this is the same sheriff that cried about racism after being fired.
In reference to the Eurovisiesongfestival....She gave up singing....
According to statistical facts
This slave trader tortured people to death!!!
This is all so sick. God is about love and he calls Christians to love everyone despite their sins
You don't get it do you. Black Lives Matter does not mean white lives don't. It just means Black lives are being treated unfairly by the police and this needs to stop. If there's a burning house you would try to save it and not say no but All Houses Matter... Your house isn't burning... Black people needs the BLM movement to get equality. Stop thinking about just yourself and imagine if you're black. You can get killed by just going for a jog
Deadpool is pansexual and this comment is giving me Deadpool vibes
I am a Catholic and the thought of conversion therapy on anybody disgusts me. I know that the Jesus I serve is NOT the same one that this person unfortunately had to experience. God is love and the way he was treated was NOT love so NOT God. I like what that little boy said. God is love and I chose to love. --Paige Kohlman nnnAmen
@BluPanda Maybe it's just her REAL opinion and you don't seem to accept it?
I Don't Agree With Homosexuality. nnThe Haircut
I am also Christian
@Molly Rebekah since you're all about your new testament what did Jesus say about homosexuality?
Because all life matter include white and cops  these are two thing BLM hate
Wow that's a new one.
I’m really confused why blm is a thing in America considering if you look at the stats more white people get killed by blacks then blacks by whites. Why are people not talking about that ?
@_ JDP2104 _ The word of God proves JESUS CHRIST is LORD
Butt of the day!!
@t0bias busterud Yes exactly.
the black lives matter movement isnt made to say only black lives matter. #blacklivesmatter is to express the importance of black lives that aren't acknowledged. saying all lives matter is belittling the focus of black lives matter. of course every life matters
Much love and respect for Madonna!!!
Realise that some people in that airport who died were Europeans / Americans
_ Legion _ this channel is just going to shit. No amount of femenism can save it
No they aren't. I have literally never met any man angry about a woman doing anything.
Zeus is better than Jesus
black lives matter this is what the media dosen't show you
I think that being a woman has less to do with being interested and capable of being anything traditionally where men excel at. I think personality type differences are a bigger factor in determining that. Institutionalized and gender barriers aside
buy a dictionary and look up All then look up racism
who remembers that one episode of the boondocks where Martin Luthor King jr. comes back to life and see's what the black community has become and ends up hating blacks
The irony is these statues represent life back then and how we have moved on.....problems with racism will still exist with or without statues....try addressing the real problems rather than going for harmless lumps of copper and stone
If someone yelled out only white lives matter
They really mean to say ONLY Black Lives Matter
@CLIP IT! woah woah woahhhhh chill. I'm bisexual and I'm very much NOT a piece of crap
I agree with Black Billy Joel too!nnSERIOUSLY
She's the queen and looks it to love u
She definitely matters. She and other immigrants are what make America great
So where did the woman say she was applying to a job? The only reason someone would question your capability at a job interview based on your looks would be when you are expected to wear office clothes and you go in a shirt
Oh my God yasss!! I'm muslim
@*****nYou can virtue signal all you want but you know that isn't what I meant. I was talking about open and outright rejection of something
why is everyone so dumb
@John Karn do what u want. but dont act like idiots just cos one black guy got killed i mean if he was white nobody would care.
@Srbin Srbin I guess people across the world should go somewhere else because they don't like being mistreated 🤔. You're obviously the Dummy and will see who will go where.
Big Lies Matter... Why didn't the protestors show any mercy for those black officers who lost their lives in the streets during this madness? Because black lives mater only when they can use it to achieve their political goals.
I have said over and over that it is o.k.to love both genders. It's having a sexual relationship with the same gender that is a sin. You don't go to hell for loving the same gender
Not trying to personally attack you
Did your dentist beat you
another push to divide everyone just like the pushing of anti-Semitism in the UK's political arena. Voting is pointless as it's likely leaders are selected not elected. All governments are puppets of the controllers who then control you via television to program your minds. The TV is their remote control of YOU!!
FOX NEWS Political Annalist Hack Juan Williams!
@Troy White By the way you forget that it was the republicans who abolished slavery. Under Trump's presidency the black community has benefited a great deal
if all lives matter then blm shouldn’t effect you
Dude has a serious ped0 vibe.
Thank u! I’ve read so many bullshit comments on this video
Hailstorm if that is the only thing you’d like to take from it then you’re more than welcome to. It’s unfortunate that you’d draw such a defined line in the sand but that’s your prerogative to do so. I’d like to know is violence the only thing you see from the movement? Would you agree that there are some BLM protest that are peaceful from start to finish?
i would like this video a thousand times if i could
Does anyone else find it weird that the brain named itself ?
@HooverDude 60 What kind of argument is that for anything. WTF? Seriously. Be honest. I am lost on the agreesion. Why the attack on the subject. What is so threatening. The statue lords up a wrong doer to put it politely. Bad deeds are not discounted by other bad deeds because they are in say your percieved opinion
sad lxlita no sorry bby there are like 72
They aren't following social distancing rules.
This looks pretty scary now at 2020
@Five gold star England paid over 40% of its nations money to buy the freedom of every single slave in the Empire. No one was left behind. Even the Queen hated it
I understand why this would be
@Vinnie McBride no. Just ones like Churchill and Cromwell are ones I'm really after because it's a wonder one of them has a statue at all and the other has had his history covered up for an awful long time now.
Or go join it in the museum with ur antique thoughts lol
@Ashley Laurencya The only truth here is that conversion therapy does not work in ANY country (I'm not American either). Sorry to disappoint you. Sexual identity and preferences are rooted deep into our genetics
PPL WHO THINK THEY HAVE THE RIGHT TO DO THIS
all lives dont matter until black lives matter-sure i get your point but NO ONE should get attacked for being racist when saying all lives matter. people gotta use logic
Thank You Madonna … thank you so much.
It's controversial to say all lives matter because it goes against the Democratic party's plantation management scheme for black people.
Congrats sweetheart!!!nI had no idea until I was twelve
I wish i lived in the ooga booga times where what mattered as not your color but survival skill ?
That’s why he sends people to hell
Uwiehdhdbfjdisnd Hehehehsbsbbebebebe definitely not incorrect. But I wouldn’t expect more from a person who watches Fox News.
@Amazing Worenwu I'm glad someone agrees
Vlad Burlacu Really! So does black lives matter?
it should be because we're allowed to have on religion but not act on it if what were doing is illegal i. this case harming someone's physically
link for the picture? no? ok cool
Jessica Walker that passage was mistranslated...
@Steve 30x it is still 2020. I agree nobody should be a legal property of another mane. Slaves were a form of cash at time. Today there is more slavery than ever in a different shape and form. one of them is the low cost market. we think it was design around the poor man in reality is exploiting us. I don't see these statues as a celebration or invitation to slavery. Queens of England knighted pirates back in centuries. Was is it right? Nooo. But it is the past. it is something we are to learn from. symbols are symbols
Most women are taking engineer courses because they are so insecure they need mommy and daddy to pick their destiny for them.
@Dave Ross nno he was saying that people get mad about conversion therapy (which I do think Is messed up) while no one cares that millions of innocent children are murdered everyday
@Theodore Haskins dude
This is disguising
@Elie 192 And there was no times of Noah FYI.. the Biblical flood myth is a direct plagiarization of the earlier Sumerian flood story.  As for homosexuality being a demon
This is very similar to me but I`m only 15. My math teacher handed me a Lego robotics kit and told me to build something and he walked away with the instructions. I did build a really cool crane that was drive-able and you could move it up and down and move objects with it
@Fish Keeper Because you are LITERALLY dismissing a group of people who need help right now. Plus
be real for just a second
As  a Pacific Islander that actually lives in the Islands (Samoan). I see ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WRONG with Maui and his depiction here. These whiny PC Polynesian SJWs need to shut it
mi name - were PRE Flood people
JP nI would go back to when humans first started
Please leave the uk
A great german singer wrote a Song about that  check it out on YouTube  Black lives Matter  Amadeus
Just because you don’t agree with other peoples views doesn’t mean those views are wrong
Its been a week?  Anybody?  Democratic Liberals out there will explain? Planned Parent Hood?
@i want yum I can't speak Dutch
I have always worked in male dominated industries (securities
BLM IS A RACIST GROUP.nYou dont stop racism by creating more racists.
@Ma Ka stop spreading conspiracy theories.
im ngl i cried at this
Y’all need to listen to this
We keep dividing ourselves by race
I agree. We Asians were also slaves back then.. But we're not bitching about it. We move on and make our lives better
I love David  Clark we need more cop's like him
@c a t l i n t good luck to you if you ever come out I came out to my Catholic parents and they are being really loving there's even a LGBTQ+ support club at my church to help closeted Catholics
I don't agree with homosexuality.nnI can't even tell what gender you are!
And they came up with the same BLM b.s 4 years later. Black America is getting played and they don't know it.
Actually all lives matter
...wait shes not a lesbian???
P.S. that’s not to say I agree with the original comment by the way. It sounds wrong for some reason I’m unable to pin-point.
BLM protest are becoming a problem in some parts of the world. In Japan
A d now he wany to personally tbank him
For all the people saying that  all lives matter we're not saying that your lives don't matter we're just saying black lives matter because apparently some of the policemen don't get that and are killing innocent black people for example you go into a bladder cancer convention and just scream out all cancer matters but they say that we know that all cancer matters of stuff that were raising awareness to this particular cancer but then you just keep on yelling all cancer matters that's how stupid you sound
@CRYxBABY absolutely!!! We need to stop making it about race.
He isn't educated. Hopefully he will soon learn.
@Big Radford them what??
kick that homophobic girl out of hiho lmao
Tedashii007 yes it does my friend
Just because she said she isn’t okay with Homosexuality
@junguwu • the guy jumping on it was crying lmao
Ashxr Exactly!!! It’s judging and oppressing someone for something that they don’t have control of
Exactly a lot of idiots fail to see it and try to make their race look like the victim. Every single race has faced racism
Stunning interview. She was so calm
According to an article I read on Huffington Post
India produces a lot of GREAT female engineers... they like to work!!  A lot of white women don't!
@Alexander Laurie Birchley i agree so therefore saddam Hussain statue should not be taken down  in iraq and a statue of Hitler should be in Germany
She looks gorgeous  Really.  My life has turned 180degrees from what i was in the 80s .But even now as a believer in Christ i really have a special place for her in my heart.
It's more politically appropriate to say HUMAN LIVES MATTER!!!
No where in the bible does it talk about homosexuality being a sin. No where.
It's 2020 and the Dems are ramping it up again. It's an election cycle after all!
@Healthcare Matters And don't come at me with your Liberal vs Conservative bullshit either. I don't mess with either!!!
ALL LIVES MATTER ..IF YOU THINK OTHER WISE THEN YOU ARE RACIST..
@Prince Jafajafa  and a lot of blacks are racist too my friend
drogas wave lovely
A lot of people rather choose to stay asleep and be ignorant
@Lil Laughie Sapphie exactly same here omg!
EXACTLY!!!!! Stupid millennials would kill black people to protest the death of a black person!!!
that would just be pure mean' and 'they're trying to make you like girls again for.... some reason' were beautiful xD
@Timothy KimmelnI think you're confused. Trump is actually Hitler's son and he's going to round up all of the gays and muslims and non-whites and flay them alive while submerging them into lava pits. I heard that on MSNBC. Can't find the link but Trump definitely said it. I have to admit
I have biracial grandchildren
BLM = The complete opposite to Martin Luther Kings Dream.
The 1k who disliked this are paid off by Soros and the rich white men that all the BLM donations go towards. Go to BLM webpage and go to donations . It takes you to ActBlue and shows the amount given to rich white men. 186 MILLION TO BIDEN
@Lilyx Ah poor little woke victim!
I hope you heal from that trauma. It's make me sad. He is great
FLoyd's death being used for a political agenda and nothing more
Homophobia is projected self hate. That said
ρσƚαƚσ ϙυҽҽɳ  thank you
@frank martin She isn't 61 yet
HMQ they definitely were not ALL wearing masks lol
@Aria Maas Sorry I've written two comments in answer to the yours above
@Glam Nails there are black people with power too.
@Darryl ...because it is causing division. The narrative is tearing people apart rather than bringing us together.
It is controversial because it takes away the their superiority.
THIS IS ME
That would just make you uhh pure mean 🥺
@TaiwanPingLord --the people who do what I am talking about are smart enough to not do it in recognizable groups that can be avoided
Tenacious Tacos nwhat we disagree about is the degree to which they occur and their gravity. you say that they are aggrandized unnecessarily while I say that they are diminished to a rather miniscule amount by most
Y'allnBack to reddit please.
why is it controversial say black lives matter
18 countries dog from korea
Well then they will get pregnant or impregnate someone in their teenage years because they don't know anything.n Also diversity should be a topic for any age
yes very nice sweety now let me pump you. u must be very bored if this is ur life mission lol. u got nothing better to do? if women looked like u i would hire you in an instant
Wortwihile to read; if you take the time and couragen
# Equality means all lives matter.n# Deep Deep down its not about color it's about the mind
how does the girl who doesn’t “agree” with homosexuality look the gayest of them all?
donate? girls have already sugar daddies for that
how about picking the right person for the job fuck fucks sake.  if you're good at what you do then fucking own it. if you act like you don't deserve to be there people will sense that and it will detract from every decision you make.nnpeople ask if you're the engineer because their exposure to the industry shows that its statistically unlikely that you are. people make small social assumptions every day its how we fuckign function as a society. if you see someone in a store wearing a black collared shirt and black pants you are inclined to think they work there. if people didn't make small social assumptions based on previous experience we'd all be wondering around getting nothing done too scared to say anything because we aren't sure of someones entire life story. FUCKING STOP OVER ANALYSING SHITnni bet all those guys who ask if you're the software engineer never ask you that question more than once. after that
Joshua Fernandes I know right!
The phrase black lives matter didn’t mean that other lives don’tnPeople are just trying to help black lives and say that they matter to
@Tupac Sobieski nYou include yourself with all these inventors and discoverers but you are polish and they've done nothing
White lives do not matter
@TheLegend27 Is Alive  - But doesn't the bible also say to love everyone. The Bible might say it
@Jason Devon He acted in the manor of his day. But we dont need to ideolise that type of manor anymore. People dont like change
Say that you like doctor who and your friends don't want to he friends with you anymore because of that I love doctor who and I'm terribly sorry but just that had me laughing because I've actually been in that situation
my lives is matter
@DT Actually she doesn't matter there. She matters here
everybody commenting about the cuffed jeans girl
Please guys. Stop making assumptions about Annie
She is forever doing what keeps her in the public eye.
@Vedji it isn't the way to go about it. Suddenly destroying stuff is okay because a small intimidating mob says so.
Biggest movement since ol' King Jr.
The waiting music had to much bass my sub woofer was on I had to move like 3 feet unacceptable.
Nic_ Mar_ because she can’t be controlled
U need to go out more
Typical of the idiotic Democrats. The Republicans are just as bad.
Liberals are starting another civil war because they know they can’t beat President Trump in November!! It’s war now or war after he wins but you have to be ignorant not to see what’s coming!! Stock up on food
What is educational about immortalising and canonising such a figure as some kind of hero? There was not even a placard to tell people what he did. This actually did more to educate people about the slave trade then that statue ever did.
What if ????nThe protesters found out that he raped a woman and her underaged daughters under 10 just before the police arrested him.nWould they then worship him as a great man.nTrust me he had a very violent CRIMINAL PAST that is on record..nBut lets play the game of.  media manipulation..nWake up neo and take the right pill.nnAgain what if ?
hillary clinton dissertation thesis was  how to manage black people revolt  listen what the devil say now
@Literal Scumbag - Yes because you must be apart of a group/thing to have an opinion on that group/thing. But perhaps that way of thinking would dismiss most of your opinions as well? Whether or not they're the correct opinion
Jebedias was an impostor !!
ofaboosting 129 u just goin with no proof goddamn
Well I feel bad for those kids
Of course all life matters
in the middle east no one care if you are black or arab because we are all mixed
Are there onions in here?
@Dat Boi That's circular reasoning. In this silly hypothetical
Never Give Up Hope - that's certainly NOT Madonna's message to the Palestinians who have been suffering from dislocation and oppression for over 70 years. nShe WON'T stand up for Justice
@Melody Liu I know that homework is given a lot of weight because I went through teacher education. I can agree to a certain degree that homework isn't checked too well
Black lives do matter but in my eyes it's like duh? Of course they matter just as much as every other life?so why are they protesting for how they matter rather than somthing collective like how the planet is littrally fucking dying
Knock down Hadrian's Wall.nThem Romans did a bit of slave trading.
Lol as much as i love her
And he also chose hell instead of heaven
Tammy Sauceda EXACTLY!
@Honey Tree hiho's crew
Yep 2020 is 2012 grown up.
@depressed_boi aww i hate to hear
I’m Presbyterian and we are completely open to any person no matter what.
Nicholas Glasgow a what? What's a dragman?
* Laughs in Swedish *
That would be like uh.. really mean' Iconic.
ALL lives matter. We should not be divided by race or social distancing. Together we are united & please dont let this divide us. If the kids are united they might have a future. Let's stick together & ignore skin colour. I'm a pale ginger & I'm proud of just being me
If you say 'Palestinian lives matter' you will be booed by right wingers.
this inspires me so much! thank you.
Women just take over everything we want nothing to do with you. I can literally see a woman dying in the streets and I will just walk away.
@B181 123 it is to those who tore it down
But it's the reality. Reality isn't always like pink fluffy unicorns. Reality can be very brutal and these kids are going to live in a partly brutal reality
Disgusting and shameful to brainwash these kids into thinking homosexuality is normal! Boycott this channel for sure! Let the hate and intolerance comments begin!
@Stan Marsh link needed
i can say what i want to say and if anybody doesnt like it thats to bad
Same. As a closeted Pansexual
@Sisu Guillam no religion at all its called the only reliable book and thats the bible just do a little reading about sodom and gomorah
SINNER WHO NEEDS TO REPENT.
Crikey the Home Secretary appears!!!!!
white people get shot more because there are more white people. If there were 10 whites and 10 blacks
Thank you so much
My trigger has gone into recession. Thanks man
FitTallGayBlond No it’s called good health
BLM is racist organization.
Nancy pelosi she wants trump in prison
BLM is hiding behind race when their real agenda is Marxism
luv it !!!!!! waying in frum california USA........luvit Brits thanks!!!
Turn off fox
This dude a beta boy or what
@Maggie Paul Why should White people care about BLM
Man-Donna. Surely that's a man in disguise if I have ever seen one.
god gave us a choice
i'm sorry but when did it become okay to conclude someone's sexuality based on how they look?
Yaunri Not a damned thing.
Black Lives Matter is a terrorist organization
She has saved my life as well beautiful person absolutely love you Madonna!
False. More women are psychologists
So in conversion therapy you go to this place where they're trying to change [...] your personality & how you are? ... That would be just pure mean. nnnnOh sweetheart
Officer Clark you are da Man!!! GOD bless you and yours!!!
This movement makes me sick.
@Hit stick Nation because they are a largest part of the community i Mean they make up roughly 70 percent (or 65 didn't check but know it is within this range)
Trayvon martins father is a mason. Philando castilles uncle is a mason. George Floyd who isn't dead is a mason with a double phoenix tattooed on his chest
Random Channel XD yes!!! Let’s burn her with fire and not with water!!! You go first!!!
@Sam Osler you are the one that needs mental health because you're dumb  Madonna is a dragman and that's. A fact only the dumb masses don't know this wake tf up
I guess when your parents come out as homophpbes when you told them your sexuality
It even says in the Bible “If you’re using the Bible to hurt someone
That what someone of previledge would say we know ALM I know in this country white people are treated different and you know it
Madonna has always been a philanthropist for the LGBT community.
Please excuse me I will have to see what BURNLEY FC thincks about this
@Nicholas Glasgow You must not believe what I tell you. I have met the lady. When she was pregnant for the second time. You have very serious issues dude.
Immigration was the worst thing to happen on this planet
@twsay 456 Seeing what they've done to it
Bruh that’s why I always say all lives matter
Fighting for what they believe in
Comment deletion in progress. Non-politically correct thoughts not welcome.
@emily b who?
Rose Bloom but she is
@Eric I mean everyone those right
The dislikes in this video prove the need for more videos like this
You're absolutly right
awww thanks babe. You need some tissues for your tears?
@seguiriya1 Not all but some of those you describe live in US and other countries
These matters movement are stupid.
Omg that's funny. Peaceful
Kinda pandering to have three black people for the panel (not included Hannity)
@Paul Guggenbuehl An excellent way for George Sorros to launder donations to Joe.  Whata wanta bet most of that money went to Bernie before he got knocked out of the running.  nFollow the money.nGeorge Sorros to
my lives is matter
Brodie Stark truth hurts don’t it?
OMG the one kid is such an egg ..... no one
Blame the slave owners
hey amazing atheist i saw you in Video games
I thought the girl with short hair and cuffed jeans was lgbtq+ herself. She dresses like us.
Does thenAll White Live Matter movement (WLM) also include the life of BlacknPeople?
No No No. You can't say all lives matter !!
@anime enthusiast Stream of conciousness?
i was in the same position as the young girl who doesnt agree with homosexuality is. all my life i was taught that it was the irrefutable truth that it was a sin to have a homosexual lifestyle as i grew older it became more obvious that i was a lesbian
No. He is so sober. Don't make him drink now.
It's not controversial. Just BLM wants to cause trouble over it.
Conversion therapy has been linked to several deaths. You're in no position to judge whether or not he's a survivor.
@Kotori Minalinsky btw you say no human on earth approves of burning n looting. Yet it's happening all over. Lol. Do you realize the things your saying.
You are not a Christian if you are okay with homosexuality
@Ornamental yet you didn't mind your own business and included yourself into this. It's okay for you to do that
Police lives matter!
Or Latinos I think their Motto should be all lives matter not just “black lives matter”
@Dave Raymond Your statement doesn't make sense. You might need to re-read it again.
Truly a QUEEN in every aspect.
Why won't you say black lives matter too? I'm not talking about the organization.
Black racism!!! black people should be thankful that they are allowed to live in the USA. the place of black people is africa.
Anyone who says that all lives don't matter is racist plain and simple! How can anyone say that all lives don't matter?
I was so SURE about that like
YOU THINK IT'S NOT?
It sounds like a sales pitch.... ....
@be the light it went on a riot at lawrenceville last week and ended up laying trash around the area
@Der Introvert First of all
And what were you doing during the AIDS epidemic in the 80s/90s while Madonna was raising money and paying for her friends hospital costs and traveling to Mexico to get drugs to help her friends suffering?  What were YOU doing?
The World has gone mad ..and it's election time which will only heighten ignorance
This SHOULD of happened before now
Very true it had always gone on in pre-history
Shoot looters on sight.
david and larry are the faces don lemon sees in his nightmares
Have you seen Mike Ehrmantraut from better call Saul or breaking bad? The sherif has that same vibe lol
It's your ego talking
jazzfan1 So it should be “Black Lives Matter TOO” because “ Black Lives Matter” is flawed and feels selfish IMO
People always assume I'm not technical. I don't assume anyone is technical unless I know them...? So? And why would someone being happy that you're en engineer be negative? The stats show that 12% of engineers in the US are women. So they are being supportive
Such a pure soul. I cried
According to statistics
@Molly Rebekah its not a choice
Asian lives matter alsonthey been facing hella racism lately
@Jason Aguirre all violence is unnecessary in a perfect world where sin doesn't exist. but
Bbm add#11 have you heard of condoms or were you actually dropped on the head..?
Thank you shiref
@the op vloger there was protests
@J T - It already has!  Read her brother's book. LOL
@Ronald McFondle False. Madonna isn't a superstar or any kind of star for that matter and above no one. Madonna is a human. An elderly human at that
Sheriff David Clarke is number one with highest regards and respect to you sir
All lives mater..all i think this movement..black lives mater is crazy and they should stop..
Lobotomites? Those guys are assholes. Between them
Awww so wholesome
You can't see truth mate
What's more racist than people booing the value of non black lives?
@Lcito great4lly Do you have autsim?
Controversial it's racist to think otherwise all lives matter George Floyd didn't deserve a knee In the throat but he was an ex con don't get in trouble with cops you won't get in that situation it's that simple
Yeah. Because that's the same. nnWhat would BE equivalent would be meet a woman who survived under the Taliban regimennMeet a Christian who survived under the Romans.
Grow up serously history is history it's been done can u do it now ffs
They are concerned for you dude. Have a conversation with them. I am pretty sure they still would love you. They are your parents. Don't try to burn that bridge.
bailey also the hair???
I wouldn't say that this is HIS legacy. Dig a little deeper and see the truth.
THe Dems have caused all the rifts and division in America
I can't even start a protest movement because there ain't enough for my people alive to protest because everyone done killed them where is my peoples piece of what everyone else got I hear y'all talkin about property rating and whites and black communities Native American communities are there got like two reservations and then all we ever hear about is where drunks and all we do is Gamble
The Sheriff is an excellent man and brought up ONLY good points!!! nHe mentioned an oft-overlooked point
if equality was real innocent black people wouldn't be getting killed
Not really a trump supporter but all lives matter
Brown lives matter and so does every other life out there. Not just blacks. Oh God here we go again
I'm not crying! You are.
Just take a look and listen to what black music artist and their videos are depicting and the culture that they are promoting and you will see why there is so much unemployment and poverty its what people aspire to and who they look up to that influences the way they choose to live... not all black people aspire to this culture and live a normal and good life.
xBrownskinAngelx So why are more white lives being killed by the police? Do you really think white lives being killed is justified and black lives killed by police is solely because of racist cops? No data supporting that theory. Yet no one was protesting when a white man was killed the exact same way George Floyd died. This is a race war perpetuated by White Supremacists to fool Black people into thinking they are and forever will be oppressed. No honey
Excuse me but I don't understand .....if your born in America are you not just an American what does the colour of your skin have to do with it...???
Because he wasn't just a slave trader
What a bunch hypocrites.  You cant just embrace one race. All matter
@Jessica Walker bro u make ur own choice .... not ur therapy... u have brains to do that on ur own
Ryan Richardson you know I think I have to stop if I’m going to debate someone I need it to be face to face rather than YouTube comments I don’t think I’m really doing much of anything here I really do appreciate comments that support me but the only satisfaction I get is from making racist shut up not from changing their minds nnnI’m probably gonna study up more and then go and debate people if I can
Justin G nIf he had a drug problem
How do I tell my dad nNoonas. H
cause All live matter said by Trump
at one point I wanted to get into engineering
This sheriff for president after Trumps second term !!
I felt so sad that he got put to the church to make him normal by his own family
“I don’t agree with homosexuality” also looks the gayest.
@A G You need to teach that to 90% of BLM because they don't understand it either.
Raphael Taylor nThanks.
Yeah bicth and ur coming with us hahaha
Bernie Panders should be his name.
Actually that's not true. White people have been killed by the police and apparently some studies showed that they were killed more yearly idk if that's true or not
It's not controversial at all.Anyone who says it is the worst kind of racist
RobinFlysHigh  what do you mean “trying to act” if she doesn’t agree she doesn’t maybe her opinions will change maybe not.
Thanks for your service God bless you
GET FIT    WELCOME TO CAMP WESTERN FREEDOM      TRAIN HARD FIGHT EASY
Bubble Tea yea if your so strong then why did 104 black people die this past weekend in Chicago ? No one talks about this ...ohh wait it doesn't matter if it's black on black ...only when a white shoots a black  ...the silent majority can see through the bullshit...it's not about George Floyd (God rest his soul) anymore it's about how many TV's can I take from Target and how many homes and people's Business can I set on fire...blm (what could have been a good movement) are now just Marxist in disguise
Mikel Brown was a punk criminal
i cuff my jeans and i’m straight. i like how it looks. literally go away.
Britain was not just build on slavery  of black people
Too loot and riot in citys that were not involved.
@Mr Irish yeah it should be like that but if u said all lives matter that would be said to be racist. People would think ur trying to take something away from them turning it to all lives matter. My dad saw a poster the other day and it said in the last five years police have killed 1262 black people and 2412 white people. So there's been double the amount of white people killed by police but it doesn't make the news. Ur right. All lives matter. Its not about colour it's about police brutality
What the heck America? Your engeneering classes are about building stuff with straws? And she was actually amazed by the fact that you've actually got to study at school?
Interior attack by external enemies to bring down a nation.  nThis is the New World Order Agenda 21 in play running with the blessings of the worlds 1% so called elite.
TJ trying to pronounce Swedish words is hilarious ;)
Khaver Paver BUT ON THE OTHER HAND I DOUBT MEMBERS OF A RACIST ORGANIZATION WOULD BE MISSED.  Your CAPS key busted
@Farhan Rizki Ahnafa Same though
Post something that talks about George Floyd's criminal past
this representing the collapse of the power of evil America.
@Karl Dilkington it only had 11
+DigitalGamingSaga nAnd this is what democrats mean when they say republicans are ignorant
@TheCounterpointer I know that homework isn't usually checked because I am currently a student. I also have a family member in college
Just tire how people stupid are
@mistracy39 I'm going to pretend toy didn't say BLM is dumb
Because black people as a group are being targeted... hence why its important to mention black as it brings awareness. nnPlease educate yourself.
Watching Crystal grow up has been amazing omg
ALL lives matter. Regardless of color
@Jason AguirrenPeople who say all lives matter do it in a snarky manner. What if every time someone said God Bless America I replied God Bless All Countries? I would be looking like an asshole even though technically I wouldn't be wrong.
Jimmy Pop  OMG!!! She’s more powerful than god!!!
People that  say no lives matter until black lives matter sorry but i dont know if thats racist or what
@ozzie pants​ This idiot just called you sexist for wanting more women in a field where they're 10% and not men who make 90% (laughing my ass off)and a field they obviously can be in only if given some more encouragement but thinks he isn't sexist when he uses biologyas for why women don't get into STEM
@mya kahlo I don't disagree that education needs to be reformed
@PATTYY L didn't mean it like what? What's vulgar about what you wrote?
i wonder  if eskimo or indian lives matter to the black lives matter movement?
The very term Black Lives Matter is Racist.. Racists are now okay?
Hibiscus did your ancestors go through slavery
I thought the title was gonna say therapist
Black radical AMERICA is their own worst enemy!  I love Sheriff David Clark!
This sets a very dangerous precedent
I have said numerous times that God loves everyone
Biggest slavers in the world today are Africans oh the irony.
What does cuffing your jeans have to do with it?
T. S. You saying this makes you look uneducated. You must have 0 clue what blm stands for.
Jeffrey Revelia you don’t understand
@Ross g No one's doing that
YEAH BLM ARE RACIST
But would she get the same publicity if she wasn't so so beautiful. This still perpetuates sexist double standards that rewards beauty in women and intelligence in men (though she obviously has both). I hope someday my daughter will be asked to give ted talk even if she doesn't look like a model.
Why do people hate the term black lives matter when black lives accepts all races
Buy Harry's Razors so true.. #ALM
WTF? the start of something incredible! criminal damage
@Tea Just Tea Okay I agree with you
@pepsi Atlas Simply pulling down statues won't change the system
Because the tele is being manipulated by the far far left the Communist The rich The ones that have all the money they own the digital world and are digital icing videos of trump saying racist things to have Americans too hating each other while the commis do secret deals
I LOVE THIS COMMENT
the girl that said she doesn't like homosexuality literally looks like a lesbian short hair cuffed jeans like
Is it because they follow Marxs but not St marks
I love fox news. Finally some news with people who provide facts and common sense and not lies like other news companies.
“That would just be pure mean!” Awww she’s so adorable
There's a difference between abuse and correction!!!!!!! This is a mix of both!!! Yes they shouldn't of beaten him with the Bible but they were just correcting him. See how these people switch up dem stories. AND THE BIBLE IS NOT JUST A BOOK!!
@Dus Bus ok now thats kind of racist saying he is white for saying something
kids who score better at spatial skills test
The sheriff is awesome Juan sucks big time
@DRP vertyxx The Big Bang is a fact. The CMB proves it. We don't need to know what happened before to know it happened at all. And we're not sure what happened before. We're not sure if there even was a before. There are some theories that suggest the universe had no beginning or end and that the Big Bang could potentially be a recurring event. Also there was no who - no one created the universe.
Lmao. No one said differently. Oh wait thats right. Racists say different. And thats who the statement is aimed at.
These kids are more mature than so many adults in this world
@giuseppe mendoza Google what I said.
We have been given on earth is so that we can foster a positive impact on the world in which we live.
Yeah Like 24 Hours After All the Protests Started Biden Was Already Sucking-Up Hardcore. So Obvious.
@Mayi Solar Canudas I've been seeing that in the comments! can you show me where you saw that
@Theodore Haskins I'm actually going to give your reply here a like.
I have not been able to figure out that either. Trump is correct we do love you Mr. Gaines
Teilhard de Chardin says we are spiritual beings having a human experience
She's a witch. She had better repent. Repent madonna.
If america is that bad why is everybody still trying to get in there legally and illegaly ?
Really?  Shes the most famous female Artist and biggest selling in music history.  She's sincere and sweet and genuine here.  Stay bitter
How dare you! Now YouTube will come for you...
@Jack Parsons weren't black people fighting for civil and human rights or was that just a movie?
You're sexist if you acknowledge reality outside of tumblr
Didnt any black cops stand on a white man neck and end up killing him???.
We had princess diana and god takes her back but we still have princess madonna
France France The funny thing is
Love that episode
@Jin Jun Liu i said that theyre not following social distancing rules. That floyd was a crimminal and that every life matters
Comment on the recent uproar on the shooting of Alton something. and comment on video evidence?
its like arguing over whether to remove the splinter or not..once its removed there is no point putting it back in
I'm surprised that this hasn't been done before.
By the way I think she looks great
@TWD Nerd If anyone boos/feels offended when someone says white lives matter.nnnThey are racists. Period.nnBtw ALL LIFE MATTERS
Division is being created on purpose
Why don’t BLM protest at abortion centers. Don’t privileged whites doctors do abortions??
Imagine if they went and put up a statue of Adolf Hitler. Yeah
Lol that was hilarious ....the sheriff came with truth and facts...the democrats came with the blame game....Hahaha!!!!
@Cherry Cotton Candy true
The sheriff is a good man!!
@Edward X if you stand with George Floyd (who was not resisting arrest)
AH SCARY CATHOLIC OLD MAN BUT NOT A NICE CATHOLIC OLD MAN LIKE MY GRANDPA
There seem to be many incongruences with the black man who was murdered
That is brain washing someone so sad that man true that is horrible
Kansuke do experience racism? Whats it like? Explain or describe it please? Genuin curiousity.
Some One girl we all see you... come through!!!
That would just be pure mean
Trump 2020 the best president ever
Reason why you cant say all lives matter is because they don't want an all they want things divided
@Alexhs Savvakhs I am against any discrimination. I dont care your color. I am not black
@Ralph McBride its not idoitc no one ever said all lives matter till black people started sayin black lives matter
that muslim woman also wrote a very anti israel piece... so for all you israel haters and palestinian lovers... know whos on your side.
@Kiri Kiri ouch that hit hard for me as well
They boo when all lives matter is said.
THATS TERRIBLE HOW COULD U DO THAT? U CANT CHANGE HISTORY!
@Michael Higgins problem is
+Majestic12-Gaming no one said only black lives matter
Welcome to the club.  Fantastic work!
I was just about to comment how amazing this interview was but I read the other comments first and saw that most everyone saw the same thing I did.  Love her or hate her
YOO WTF I did not think conversion therapy was THAT intense... God help us.
“i dont agree with homosexuality” nn
This helped me a lot. I am in my 3rd year studying electrical engineering and I must say that I have never being motivated to push forward
@Mandy K Try to engage your brain - where in my comment did I suggest that racism doesn't exist?
Not saying all lives matter means your prejudice period<if I said I help my people
I live in my mom's basement I’m sorry but you are entirely wrong for saying that I don’t care about white voices you don’t even know me. You should never assume that and I will not respond to anything you just said
M.K. Lee black people are getting killed specifically because of the color of their skin. there are 13% of black people in america while there are 65% of caucasian ppl in america. smh
I bloody love this interview !!
F🤮CK all that noise. ANIMAL LIVES MATTER! We humans are a plague on this earth! And that’s the sad truth! Time to stop bickering with each other and focus on things that actually matter like saving our planet and all the innocent creatures on it! Without that none of us are gonna “matter” 🤦‍
It's simply because women are speaking out more than men are. You see so many women trying to challenge these ongoing stigmas and speaking out against the blatant sexism present in so many environments. When men speak out
Agree politicians are politicians. What about natives?  Exactly as the officer said pathetic.
That’s so racist saying not all lives matter hahaha of course white lives matter aswell
@TuNe Psychic - Editor I know that
Her bottom lip is now a v-shape. Is this the latest feature of the alien-face look all the celebs stride for?
If white lives don't matter neither does black lives matter
@Mark Slima they were enslaved by their own people!!!
Wow that dude is awesome he's like a role model for me cuz I'm polysexual
Lol good luck trying to make me straight
@Mike signs what do you mean hate???? He just said he wants to learn from these kids
I'm sorry but when he said I was beaten with a Bible I couldn't stop laughing
lol when did short hair make girls lesbian? ya'll are annoying.
Trump has helped Black people more than OBAMA. Can Trump be a jerk sometimes yes but at least he isn't like the democrats who PUSH for Racial segregation.nThe Democrats pushed for Racial segregation in the 1900's
Sheriff David Clarke ROCKS!!
Because said racism doesn’t exist. This is far more an authority problem than a racial one.
@Andrew White bro ur not making any sense
Like all of these kids are smarter than most adults
Reminds me of Sadams statue toppling.
You gotta earn respect not demand it. nWhy must I respect a criminal?nWhy should a police officer be kind and gentle when arresting any crook?
When does this air? I don't get the notification.
There aren’t any. Also it was your own white people that took that garbage slave owner down
Juan is always an idiot! Why does fox keeping this creep!
Because all lives aren't under systematic attack by a cabal of depraved sociopaths masquerading as law enforcement.
It's controversial because it's inclusive..that won't benefit the politicians in the long run..they benefit from the chaos and destruction...
This is beautiful. The efforts were not for nothing. These protests are going to make a mark in history and change the world
Nope Black lives matter
@Maggie Paul are you sure thats right cause stats show in 30 years white people will become the minority in America.
Asians are the victims of the black lives.
That's really clever. She's an angel.
Mormons used the BITE model on me. I am free now.
ITSNATE_H22 That sheriff has got my respect for life
Lol unless the Democrats win...then China and Russia will invade
I'm in my first year in Petroleum and Natural gas engineering
@Sylis TM ... yes.
Fantastic job and great speech! I loved playing with my brother's lego when I was a child because my parents kept giving me dolls and I found playing with dolls so boring... Creativity should not be determined by gender stereotypes
I don’t think the slogan is racist but it even though it’s for a good purpose it does categorise people based on skin colour. When I look at people I see individuals and skin colour doesn’t cross my mind for a second...what BLM does though
Conversion therapy is literally just forcing someone back into the closet
@Dragon Slayer I'm black and I most certainly don't feel like I'm being targeted. You shouldn't be speaking for all black people cause not all are.
i agree with the Sheriff too
You received all kinds of awards in your life. Madonna thinking
Your under 13? You can't be on yt
lmfao @ butt of the day
Jo Van is EXACTLY right. Go to BLM and look where the money goes. Straight to Joe Biden’s campaign
@ss No. Maybe she doesn't like having long hair or dresses and skirts. She's a girl.
HolaZoila Funny how dumb you are. Nobody said all lives don’t matter. They’re saying that black lives matter as well because people didn’t give credit to the fact that they did. In other word
@ImGiodarex They are structures glorifying an ideology that has historically caused suffering to my people. I don't care if other people don't want them pulled down and I don't want people to be given the choice to vote on the matter
@Timothy Kimmel lololol eat shit
Lena Monroe So sorry I misunderstood the comment... TYSM for telling me...
Only black lives matters is self admittingly racist.i don't know how much more clear cut it can be.
@mochi dreams thank you
Anna we don’t want straights doing it we joke around
ULM ... Unborn LIves Matter
Better Red than Dead
Sheriff David Clarke is the Man
Excuse me I love this country stupid is stupid does
@mya kahlo BLM campaigns against perceived police violence toward black people. BLM regularly organizes protests around the deaths of black people in killings by law enforcement officers
Why the uproar?  We're all God's children!!
lost  erm so we have to behave better than anybody to keep the peace?? The reason this protest is happening is because there already has been racism for centuries- it can't get any worse.
The American public seem to voting for their candidate based on genitals. Personally
This is why I never put much effort into anything. The more effort you put into it
And progressive doesn't always mean horrible.
@Jacqueline Paul Please don't feed the religious narcissists any of your precious fuel AKA energy AKA supply ! Think of them as the character of THE WIZARD in the WIZARD OF OZ
She's dressed like MJ.
It's why they lost
Such a great thing for kids to learn about
All while our police stand watching
Why did the only one who didn't agree with homosexuality look like a lesbian to me?
Where were the All lives matter for philando castile? Innocent man. Where was all lives matter for the Central Park 5?
Persons out who have right to choke you and cause brain damage cannot go out because of the real haters' fake protesters. Phoenix AZ.
Jessica Walker what's the right way? hate someone for being who they are?
Those aren’t whole being in other countries cuz WHITE PEOPLE ARENT BEING KILELD BY POLICE IN THOSE OTHER COUNTRIES like black people are in America. White lives matter to the point where they’re not being taken over nothing
Educate yourself and don’t always look at it from your perspective
@***** Not a very good argument
simple it doesn't fit the narrative
Thumbs up for the butt
MultiDarkZen there has always been people who think feminists are too aggressive since it's first created. nnSo you're not alone.
You mean in a /hmmmmm/  way
So much strength yet vulnerability exudes from her! (side note I wish she'd sing Look Of Love again...thats one of my favorite ballads by her).
My love for this woman will never cease
This made me cry
Last year I met a psychologist who used to do conversion therapy. She learnt it when she was preparing to be a cognitive behavioural therapist. In her time it was so normalized that nobody saw how wrong it was. She only realized what she was doing when one of her past patients went to see her again
Paloma Roggeri  would you say that about any other religious text from say Muslims or Jewish people or Hindu’s or Buddhists ??
I love how he just used Doctor Who as an example. It was so random and I love the show!
this is all crazy they're up there talking with Hillary Clinton it should be in prison
Time to start digging these fake bodies up. Why would he have a closed casket funeral if he died from asphyxiation?
No they don't!
why are everyone involved with the slightest bit of trauma classed as 'survivors' nowadays?nI understand and agree with how the word is used
@unknown user black people in America are victims of democracy
Jessica Walker Religion isn’t an excuse to hate someone’s existence
if all lives matter what’s wrong with saying black lives matter
+T. van rossum whites would have done it. duh
I love Crystal
That girl with the long hair talks like my mother telling me what happened at school ;-;
More unarmed white men are killed by cops every year than black ones. We never see their faces. We never hear their names. Is it because white lives don't matter? Is it no big deal for an unarmed white man to die at the hands of the police? We have so many of them after all. Surely there is a surplus. How
I find that many of my friends (male or female) will explain things like I'm an idiot all the time (even if I'm knowledgeable about the subject) and I am a guy. So am I also a victim of mansplaining? Feminism.. teaching women how to blame others.
@KG2018 Madonna is a dragman steups yall needs to wake up
andrea raimey are you stupid?
BLM are certainly doing their best to exasperate this.
Its called terrorism.
The man responsible for 80
These guys fantastic. There's a fresh wind in my face.
well god hates atheists apparently so there's that
Look up a fellow on YouTube called Dr. Shaym and look at his response to the 33 Questions to Men Asked by Feminists. He can explain it better than most.
All lives matter PERIODT. Idc what other black people say
I NEEDED YOU I WONT GIVE UP . ITS ALL GOOD WILL BE OK
So there is in fact a fountain of youth ----
I agree with you and I'm black!
How about dumb lives matter
Want some Examples you have white Privilege here ya Go. nn
Pathetic it even has to come to a point saying x lives matter.
@Ashley Laurencya asains can be american?
Bbm add#11 straight people still get aids and hiv and can be infertile or just not want kids and everyone can use protection nWe can adopt
Sheriff looks like a cowboy.
Fox news always trots out these 3 bootlicking
Feminists will complain about anything.
Saying all lives matter in response to black lives matter is ignorant because of the context. Of course all lives matter
When was this filmed
Black lives won’t matter when you start a second wave
George Soros has ostracized black lives for the domocratic party..its ok to be a criminal in the USA. IN NORTH KOREA THIS WOULD NOT HAPPEN!!
“Feeling as I didn’t fit in” Going against the norm could teach us more than just following the crowds. Sometimes. Namaste mi bella donna  The only danger in the world is hate. So
when they askyou what do they due i bet the men are referring to your specialized fields in engineering because yes your an engineer but what kind? mechanical
@Emma Grace I know right? They think that girls that cuff their jeans are always lesbians..
These incidents happened to happen around the same time.  It doesn't mean every officer is prejudice against minorities. In the heat of the moment
Priti patel must go. nShe works undercover for the india  narender modi government.  nShe is only in favour of india. nI have seen how she has changed laws according to the indian rules and applying  them in uk . nShes has also made laws difficult for European people and Bangladesh pakistan and china . nGood bye priti patel
Elon Musk needs to hurry up with the space ships so I can get off this forsaken rock.
Wow. I didn't realise her kind of music could have that impact. I was a fan when I was younger.
My god this comment chain is gold
Bravo bristol hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hero hern hero hero
Yes! This is the attitude Christians should have!!!! Every person has different views and beliefs
@Sylis TM well...  That would be a good idea actually
I don't believe she said the professor called her names. Also in all honesty i have been called out by professors with less than nice things to say. They were tight but still.
this is true
I never came out the closet
I like that cop.
I like Doctor Who.
what a strange world we live in where people who say they are for equal rights are accused of not being because they don't identify as a feminist
Never give up what?
Blame blm cause all lives matter at least including all race and it better than blm for not including
I wanted to see how annie reacted when he told her what his conversion therapy was like.
Jim Webb is a Klu Klux BushwackernSheriff boot-lick is being praised only by FOX
Dems and demons sounds the same huh
Wrong. Black lifes matter. Yellow lifes matter. Red and white ones are not important anymore
Did the person who made that Moana meme realize that Dwanye Johnson is doing the voice?
@Anna Thompson I absolutely hate my teachers and dont support them but I respect them coming to school dealing with me
BLM and Antifa movement is not against racism whatsoever at all
@samara k Read the Bible
Me and my nan were talking about how we see that more people hate this then like it and how its making things worse
It is funny to see how racist people of color actualy are... If you say you are proud to be black
Racism is widespread. People have called me a Brit for years..pure racism
A perfect example that History repeats itself. This video was posted 5 years ago.
These idiots need to learn about  history...it was actually Portugal who started the slave trade and Briton pick it up afterwards...why they don't go to Portugal and protest there
God gave us a choice
This idiot here denying there is an issdo with police use of force
It's horrifying that someone could put their child through that kind of abuse
I rlly want 2020 to be a tv show imagine the cliffhangers!
Everyone was racist
@John Smith I was being playful is all
Claire Mcfadyen take your meds!
@Trent I don't agree with you at all
BigDaddyEddy my reply was to “well If all lives matter
What about argument yawn.
So many comments about Annie and how she should come out. This episode is about someone that was judged and hurt and abused
@Jessica Belmonte we're allowed to hate those that hate us.
I never really understood homophobia
Guys anonymołs can what do fib and cops
Black live matters when the media gets a story.
Kids meet a survivor of TanaCon
Everyone be talkin about Annie but nobody's talking about the little girl. Like she was so incredibly mature and respectful. She was even asking questions herself which is so cool.
@MM79 Every single black person past
hee hee it might just be because they have a god. As long as there are kind and don’t push it on them I don’t think people HAVE to agree with it.
You can tell she’s exhausted. Time for bed Madonna. It’s been a long day.
We have a statue of a slave trader to remind the black people that they will never be equal to white people
+martialartsism If that's the case
you are not guilty for sin's you did not commit. do not be an apologist and do not bow to their agenda. carry a gun for your safety. you may not see people for their race but they sure as hell will see you for yours.
I didn't see the full title at first and thought it said kids meet a gey conversion therapist
Is signing anything to BLM under pressure really makes the LGBT community obliged to actually do anything for them?
Democrats are sabotaging the Black community.
Animal and plant lives matter too and when self-centered
President Obama just serves 2 terms as POTUS. What could possibly be more Racist than that?
TJ's voice sounds like a combination Rick and Morty
Don't forget Hillary with her hot sauce she carried everywhere lol
@Paul Myselfoff That was very interesting
He should become a teacher or a school speaker
@NM Z so in what way is this a better solution if the solution is the same as the problem?
She is so PATHETIC!
I don't agree with homosexualitynnMe
@Sco/ire America Jesus was a Black man who was a messenger yet we keep seeing the image of a White man. The Bible says God is the Sun not the son.
This jacket is EVERYTHING
who’s the guy??
@Am a chibi so wat? I could punch you in the face Hey look! Another neonazi!
I'm a freshman in college right now studying mechanical engineering and this made me cry so much. Wow
Lauren Dominguez  why?
Had a civil war in the 1860's.                         Got civil rights in the 1960's.
@fire is hot Also
Cops Lives Matter!!  All lives Matter!
Why are we getting mad at people tearing down a SLAVE TRADER'S STATUE? I mean
What a great inspiration! Loved it!!
That makes a LOt of sense
@A M You're so right! Journalists always strive for dirty laundry or hot news
Maybe only one side of ur brain is working if u have alredy forgotten
cher disowned her child for a while when she became trans.
I love everything about you
I liked all 8 videos of yours I've seen so far
Incompetence is not racism.
Karl Dilkington they have already torn down a statue of some days gone by racist police chief . Happened a few days ago  and rightly so . Protesters here have taken a cue from them
@Splash 29 So those lives taken by drugs and other crimes don't matter?
He prob got fed the questions.... this is pre approved to make Madonna look good....0
Because the people who say it don't actually mean it. They just want BLM to shut up.
@TheScottRL black on black Daily murders don't matter to BLMnBut they will pounce Violently when a white cop kills one black person nHypocrites.nGod Will Judge BLM.nTo God
I’m Christian and what the hell are wrong with other Christians giving bad name for other Christians
@DM GR  This is what happens when people such as yourself
Yael Benko it’s not about political correctness. All I’m saying is you can’t look a sexuality and I hope that from this you’ve learned that it’s not cool to assume things about people before you know them because you could be wrong. That’s all.
You can be assured she has no affiliation with angels only demons through her immoral lifestyle ....get real
@Ben Tube Nope I'm not. Why do kids need to know what gender he wants to have sexual intercourse with. Why is it so important that children know about his sexual life? It's perverted and disgusting!
In India women engineer is very common like 35+%. I did computer engineering and topper of my class is a girl.nMy interest is mechanical engineering but I chose computer because it has more money and opportunity but I don't love coding. So choose carefully whether it's computer engg. Or mechanical engineering.
The undead Skeleton it’s likely
Abortion is understandable only in a rare case.  which i can agree on.  but it is a choice for the women
I commend what the sheriff is saying. I am a convicted felon and yes I even see the issues that face the nation. Everyone needs to put all the bs aside and stand up as Americans and tell these politicians that we will not take it anymore. Take a moment to read The Declaration of Independence. We have a moral responsibility to rebel if the government does not have our best interests in mind.
craig barwick awww that’s cute x
Most statues in the UK are of racist white people. All of them should be torn down. BLM ‍
ʚ Aryiax ɞ an equally good reason to defund the police
Disgusting behavior. Then they went and defaced the war memorial. Totalitarian thugs. That's all they are.
I can’t even tell what gender they are
Is the earth flat? Now there's an important question if you ask me
@Alysa Rice two
Tony M. Amen sister
All lives matter is like you having a funeral for your child and everyone grieving. But then I come in there and start bragging about my child. All children matter tho right?
@Dave Raymond I guess that why they assassinated all the black leaders
J that’s not what that means 🤦‍
@CaptinOD yup probably more peaceful protests then violent ones. But guess which one they show on the news. Trump is kinda right when he speaks of fake news. It should be more like cherry picked bad news. In combination with the anonymously and unknown (probably never went to blm protest)
If you get mad at someone for saying all lives matter then you’re a racist idgaf. All lives matter includes black lives as well
Sigh... people really are bored aren’t they.
My sister oh wow!
They spread lies
Michele Ellis & his name is Jared.
Youngsoo Lee and now the blue whale challenge is back smh
@Ironic Kid but Corona will kill 1000 times more
Technically no lives matter. The Universe is such a vast place and we are but a mere speck inside of this gargantuan
i came out as bisexual yesterday and now all my girl friends don’t wanna talk to be cuz they’re afraid that i‘m falling in love w them
BOSS NASS wasn’t
Williams doesn't want to get off the plantation
Liberals are the most racist
I love his voice
@Imperial Watch it doesn't undermine anything. That is the point. That is what the banner should be going forward as it is not divisive. nWhite Lives Matter would be divisive but All Lives Matter isnt.
let's talk about harry potter sis spilled the tea
@Вадим Жемило The wave won't be high because they were wearing masks
incorrect information. BLM are not terrorists. ridiculous comment
Yes please get them out.
It is not that girls lack competence in STEM
It's a year everybody wants to forget
wow women are treated different from men?! it's almost as if they've been asking for special treatment and recognition
@Ross g that forced emoji is very cringe
+T. van rossum lol what are you? An idiot? What's you're point with this comment?
Some One YESSSSSSS! I lowkey thought she was cute.
Yeah put black in front of every thing so they won’t get offended.
@Northern Dirt Ah Canada. USA light (if you get the reference)
Many Indians are killed due to hate crimes and discrimination nWho come to Western countries for education
Get off their kneesn4 years ago
@o_o ox - I have yet to find a reliable study providing a reason for homosexuality in evolution. I have looked it up
Well howdy fellow Ace/homoromantic internet buddy
Whoever claims first wins the race. No pun intended.
Juan can kiss my brown A$$
love David Clake he's a real man an alpha
Ima bout to cry
Nobody a Marxist stop watching fox news.
we will forget this as soon as possible
Gambrie Hewert I’m black and my ancestors are from the West Indies and the America’s.  history in the America’s outdates that of Egypt. My bloodline is indigenous Indians most of the Americans in America today are but believe the African American doctrine.
Right I can't stand with double standard black people
I love how the sheriff is calm and collected
It's funny because undyne from undertale is lesbian ps I'm bi btw
This was 4 years ago and still relevant to this day
That's for real?! YOU WERE FUCKING VIKINGS FOR FUCKS SAKE. Oh my god.
Amalia Mammadova nah it’s a sin and is truly disgusting
So if only black lives matter
@Molly Cone I also didn't say you should agree with me at any point I just asked questions
Who's butt is that?
Ummm it isn’t legal
A gem question that we all shall take heed to
He was a lovely man.
Professor the police where called on him for a counterfeit 20 dollar bill that turned out to be real. He did serve his time in jail too. They killed him for having a suspected fake bill he should have not been killed for that
@xBrownskinAngelx Enjoy your victim-hood.
Now I know why they had to kill Kobe first
S. Tagerius you think this is barbaric but I bet you support genital mitigation  aka sexual reassignment surgery.
27chan is the best.__...._....._Probably
@Caine McMahon White Man Slavery (Atlantic Slavery) was the worst form of slavery second only to human sacrifices among certain Animist and tribal people of America
women engineers are as competent and in fact
Democrats are using black lives matters for their own benefit to get votes and when they're done with that they going to kick you to the curb wake up
Hate is not going to get you anywhere in the world Mad respect for these kids.
S. Tagerius I agree with you
@J.J. i say statues of ALL leftist SJWs MUST come down too.nNow
Democrats would literally say anything for more votes
mortified at Priti Patel‼‼ echos of the colonial Asian which seeps through her DNA i. e. protecting white supremacy at the expense of Black Lives. The statue was ghastly ‼‼ People are still quite angry ... It was always whites at the top
@ImAlfie For future reference it's paid.
Who tf is discriminating against indians
martini just reminded me of him 🤷‍
@Amazing Worenwu I accidentally replied to the original comment
what about justice for george stinny
Not that I'm defending them
I liked these men .. because they smile
Looking back at my childhood
I'm not crying
@Mar Ayres A very sensitive person. Someone who is easily hurt or offended by the statements or actions of others.rnrnThis has nothing to do with politics. Snowflakes can be liberal or conservative. Whether it is a compliment or an insult is a matter of opinion and depends on the context.
The racism to white people for votes disgusting
This was 4 years ago btw
Red Lives Matter!!!
@Dus Bus please name one white male legal privledge. As females are the most privledge legally and socially.
That change is going against God Almighty
With fall of Berlin wall fall communism as well. What I see today is leftie madness.
Why Howard Stern should be fired for wearing Blackface
Here me out; black lives matter. But the statue highlights history
@Username 123 I agree pretty much every event in history ever is morally wrong somewhere
So no other life matters? Just black people matter. Ok yay  that makes me feel good about my lifennnnnnnnI’m white
Did Jesus even write the Bible
That police chief from Milwaukee is wasted in the police. Sounds like a very smart guy
@Jem Wagner are we talking about white Jesus?
The corners of her mouth with bleeding lipstick give my high anxiety!!!! Can her makeup artist stop from happening this!?
You know...in the bible
No they have their own real problems...
Blue Diamond is the Oh Yeah Yeah nOh come ooooooooonnnnnnnn!!
First world problems.
@Fishslap 33 Not collectivism. Just living the socialist idea. nThe right wing is trying to bring down the protest.nGeorge was murdered by the right wing racist system.nBlack lives matter.
Its controversial to say all lives matter because that is not the reality in America and more specific
What's the end result BLM looking for to achieve with all demo around the world? Wheather its short or long term result
The organizers pretty much said we're kidding later that day about the demands..nWe signed it to get them to move.. it doesnt count
@Donquixote Doflamingo I love how you have the audacity to insult my intelligence with the grammar of a first grader. Quite comical.
martini It had to be between 2002 and 2003 my roomate worked for Arianne Phillips at the time she was styling Madonna an J.T.nnI didn't say anything to her except lady's first as her and her friend entered the elevator. nnShe was pleasant while her and her friend carried on a conversation. nnI had one of my freelancers with me
it doesnt matter what people are God taught us to lovennnnnnnnni extremely hate atheists
Classic troll - don't feed this DB
So white lives dont matter??
Black Lives Matter is divisive and singular.  All Lives Matter is all inclusive.  There is no superior race to any other.  If you want to be heard
@Al C You're no different than a complaining man during the women's rights movement.
First Slaves in America's were White British... White Cargo ...
This is absolutely inspiring. I am glad that I chose to pursue Engineering. My passion for Math and Science has always been with me and now I can use my passion and forte to becoming a potential trailblazer
Not all christians are like that’s it’s only the mean ones
Bbm add#11 u sound very uneducated. Please read some books or enroll in a school ASAP....
@***** They are Cazadores. You don't see them coming. And sure. One Gauss round
They deleted my comment
You try getting hit with a bible then! He survived very abusive things dipshit!
Y’all who are yelling at the girl who doesn’t agree; she wasn’t disrespectful when she said it
Agus Fiore I bet the communists said that as well
Some of you are toxic as hell. You said she’s this and she’s that even though the whole time she was being really respectful? Then you all go and disrespect her just because she doesn’t accept you. She isn’t causing any harm. Catch a fucking grip and I’m saying this a supporter of the LGBT community
After watching this video
Just because she looks like a lesbian doesn't mean she is one. I'm a girl with short hair and I dress androgynous but I'm not a lesbian soo
ALL THE DISLIKES ARE FROM THE HOMOPHOBIC PEOPLE
Great Message Madge! Where there's life there's hope!
Well actually.... he..
@Ivan Majić to madonna and cher only...you know....people that exist
Did you have to call the kid that
They say black lives matter nBut how many of them are for abortion? Margaret Sanger
Its her money
Nathanael Wade Whenever an unarmed African American gets shot by a white police officer
Why Howard Stern should be fired for wearing Blackface
I want to be friends with Crystal.
never mind the statue what about   all the royal familys wealth built upon the slave trade .
Lol me too
@Kurt Sandberg ni dont like BLM but you're supposed to see the name asnBlack Lives Matter ToonnotnBlack Lives Matter MorennI believe the purpose was to fight the racist justice system (if that even exists) but BLM isnt a good movement. at this point it's a terrorist organization
No lives matter. Asteroid come extinct humanity already.
People just stupid thats why
Why its got ti be black.white.or yellow.? nAint we all americans
Native lives did not matter. Look where they are now. The past always repeats itself... scared yet?
Bravo my Brothers and Sisters. !
Interesting considering one of the few places on earth the slave trade is still present today  is AFRICA. So I'm assuming they are all heading there next for Justice??? Might be hard to fart sniff with someone empting an ak47 in your direction though.
This is a great interviewer. She is really calm here which is good but  I hope she is getting enough rest too
Big surprise that the comments are a bunch of dudes with frail egos that don't like listening to women talk about their experiences.
Vlogchannel ..when it comes to racism
That change is going against God Almighty
@kirollos halim it's not that all corruption will be gone then
@TheOneNo20 found the racist.
@Duribethin That's literally the point of black lives matter. It's just that it focuses on racism towards black people. It doesn't mean other lives don't matter or black lives are more important. If you care about stopping racism
That’s disgusting that British authority could have such a statue!. Never knew existed and horrible
rougebaron76 I would love to actually see a huge line of mounted police
@Lguidry930 she's 60yrs old she has to rely on the l.g.b.t. people to sale concert tickets.  That's her game she's doing this 4 her bank account
This notion that Donald Trump doesn't know what he's doing is just not true. He knows exactly what he's doing.
@Wiskers 64 You think I am on either side? L
Sunshine littlephilly you can’t love people and care about their soul if you can’t accept their lifestyle which doesn’t affect you whatsoever. And it’s quite unbelievable that you believe that something like that would send someone to hell.
I always liked Sheriff Clarke .
@alice deesnWhat violent racial episode gave birth to black lives matter?
This is showing up in my feed now
@Stephanie SouthnBLM is a Trojan horse for Marxism and anarchy. I guess the blacks killed in Chicago on the fourth
Police kills everyone. Black people should stop crying.
@Suicide Booth but these idiots miss that out and them that teach miss it out its like reading the bible  millions can read it and all come up with different ideas if how they think it means and if it's wrong this is what happens  when your brainwashed
The democratic strategy
MLK would be so disappointed.n“I still have a dream
LMAO- youve got to be kidding me
my lives is matter
I dont think she believes in surgery. I think she is aging naturally
What’s wrong with not agreeing with homosexuality?
Rick we have a history book on 2020 alone lol
literally one of the most important ever. no one will realize/care till she’s gone and it’s too late. thank u MDNA
13 and 50.
kprpearl they won’t do an interview like that because that scenario doesn’t exist in reality. Please educate yourself with actual science (ie
Next statue Nelson Mandela for burning black people alive....
Here in the UK we are having BLM protests. Orchestrated and supported by the left-wing anti-Brexit BBC and anti-conservative government media.  NOT ONE of the protesters  is in the UK because their ancestors came as slaves. Britain banned slavery....and the Royal Navy intercepted and freed 150
I have seen and read her book
I never  heard such a roundabout discussion nDo black lives matter yes absolutely nDo white lives matter also yesnDo all lives matter of course yesnWhy are these even questions and themes to discuss
All lives matter - John 3
God gave us a choice
I am hispanic and i say all lives matter because yes black lives matter but so do hispanic people we also matter i matter and so does my daughter she matters also
It is strange to hear about it. I am from Russia and my grandmothers are engineers
Amazing talk! As a female engineer I know exactly what you mean and I've struggled throughout that process as well!
ship em back to africa baby
What about the Wight people being raped as well we should have rights to
All Lives Matter shouldn’t be booed. I feel like All Lives Matter should be positively viewed especially since it could help remind depressed people that they matter
All lives do matter not just black or white
NOTHING the mentioned was sexism. having a conversation and explaining people's conception ISN'T SEXISM. sexism is you're not hired
All using for political gain how disgusting .Using BLM as it was a game. A piece of meat.
Black lives always matter. All lives matter. Together with all people we prevent chaos as  we stand for ALL rights for ALL people
Think about it like this
The thing that I don't understand is why is there even a need to say that all lives matter? And what's ironic is the ones who preaches that saying support capital punishment. This is not an argument for CP but just pointing out the fact that in many cases
Do the lives of undocumented immigrants matter?  Do the lives of the homeless matter?  What about the people not serving in the military but are being killed by military weapons (I mean hunting rifles)
So i guess that means white lives DONT matter nor do “brown” or “yellow” lives i guess. Only black lives
@skippy uber Why do you you choose that?
She's done whatever gains her the most publicity. You people are sheep.
This guy seems really nice
I’m not a guy but ok and people makes mistakes plus I’m not that old to do everything right
Sheriff Clarke is awesome!  I really like how he recently smacked down Don Lemon on these same issues.
@Korlover queen thank you
I hope they will stop the protestingnnWe will never stop protesting!!!nCovid-19
Introducing a real OG Sheriff Clark ladies and gentleman!
Why u people distroying ur own country  in the ne of Black life matter....
@Dangus I'd like to share with you a piece of my life
Marvin Rees Mayor for past 4 years and kept blind while passing by the statue.
That little girl in the jeans is so precious omg!
what a fucking stupid video. unsubbed and disliked
The sheriff should run for president
I think it depends on your family and country in some cases
Just a Innocent black bean someone’s not very bright
This behaviour does nothing for the cause!
Crystal is smarter than me.
black people only care about themselves and they will tell you that to your face . the fact that white people help them is crazy to me
It is in some states
Obviously black life's matter is a stupid slogan seperating black people from everyone else
S. Tagerius it’s standard practice here in Russia but it sterrible
@amsr maskoo exactly all lives matter is a protest to the black lives matters protest when they're just saying they deserve just as much the other races.
Victor Hugo you can say it but it’s already justified. That’s the problem
That's because she's deeper in the closet than an old yearbook.
I see so much hate in her eyes
Thanks for being there when no one else  was!!!
I just thought the same thing!
The most memorable thing is this video...
This will forever be my favorite TED talk...
Her lipstick is becoming mushy
All lives matter.The BLM is a leftist
@TheBlackScrunchie I agree an understand with SOME of what you're saying
Brutal but its the only way
@xBrownskinAngelx Thank you for reply. But don't deny that all lives do matter. I don't deny that blm. You made your movement but why can't others make their own movement? Just don't get offended by alm. That's my point
This is the reason I will always stan for Madonna.
Pareeti Patel who thinks she's white! lol
That would just be nUhhnpure mean
james bolem nope we know what we’re protesting for
@Jessica Walker you can believe whatever nonsense you want. Just don't tell me about it and keep it far away from me.
This what all these left communists Democrats what. Including the clintons
they're both right and they're wrong.
+B Scott nAnd this is what democrats mean when they say republicans are ignorant
What about the little black girl that got shot at the Galleria and Hoover Alabama.? Did her life matter? There was no protest and nothing was said. It truly hurt my heart. God's love
This country needs more police chiefs like him
Fucking clowns no wonder the USA is fucked
I disagree she’s at the age where a lot of teens strengthen their faith or decide to walk away from it and I think she’s made a choice to believe what she believes. She’s being compassionate without compromising her values and that’s what matters.
Jon Coen she’s one of the best selling artists if you wanna talk about sales
God gave us a choice and my choice is to love
No we're just not gonna listen to bullshit nor encourage its growth.
Hey TJ....most people shot in Toronto are young Blacks by other young Blacks that involved in drugs
Madonna is so awesome!
I'm studying to be a chemical engineer too!
Finally our history is out of the shadows. Black lives does matter.
Black lives don’t matter any more than brown lives or white lives. George Floyd should not have dies as he did however bad he was but it has nothing to do with his race.
ALL LIVES MATTER.  THAT'S IT . ALL LIVES MATTER.
BLM is a Trojan horse for Marxism
​@Gaz B Point me to a right wing and I'll vote for it.
Never give in to the demands of madmen and terrorists. You give them an inch today and they'll EXPECT a mile tomorrow.
Glad he is not there anymorenDavid  Clarke
I think it's funny most comments actually DO NOT respond to the claims or situation that these interviewers were facing. People describing a situation they facing
they're imitating their so-called leader
how is it funny
@fpetes No no he's right
@V A jesus loves all .im Cherokee and i have black too
The police have become a  big embarrassment by kneeling before these people! They acknowledge these people as they broke the law of a illegal gathering that will endanger the whole population regarding the plague given to us by the Chinese!!
All lives matter stop keeping racism alive
The things that she has done are magnificent.She has personally flewn to Mexico to buy her friend some medicine for AIDS.This is not your everyday type of woman.Shes so intelligent too.I don’t think she’s appreciated enough.
@Joshua Fernandes They're all in surgical masks. If they've forgotten how bad it is or don't care its one hell of a coincidence they all dressed the same this morning.
Slavery ended over a hundred years ago thanks to a white man which happened to be president of the United States Mister Lincoln blah blah blah Eddie Howe I'm starting to feel discriminated against because I'm not black !
Honestly your stupid for saying that
i dont agree with homosexuality okay and i dont agree with the price of jeans????? wtf
@Lilyx  I don't support monarchy. Why some people are corporeally deemed ceremonial state leaders without election?
No straight girl sits like that
The only thing that matter’s is excepting Jesus and nothing else matters
Why “survivor” there was no threat of dying
America needs President Clarke.
The more I learn about the USA
This will make white people more racist
I'm just waiting for Muslim and LGBT interests to clash to see which side tolerance is gonna be on
The day is coming when a white child
Bending a knee..
Whoring for votes........ my God!!!!!
Yeah he sounds like a top bloke
Once Again nThe Media Stirring up Something nALL LIVES MATTER nFinal.
she came out lmao
So shame on you who prefer BLM than All life matter. So who is being racist here ha ?? LOL
All of these males who are posting negative comments about female engineers are just intimidated lol
Scott Clayton approvals are the 16th
Good for you Stan never gets the credit he should
Five years later and it's still a problem.
Also Great Big Story is CNN.
4 years later
She prob pre screened the questions....
The brain mainly develops in the first 5 years. So
Nelson Mandela statue next.......what a racist..
first world problem
Sikhs lives matter more than thugs. Can't help liking good people over bad. Prison lives matter
you need to calm down
Me and my brothers had no toys...If we wern't boys we'd have nothing to play with.
bike is short for bichael Why are you coming for all Christians? Most Christians support LGBTQ+ you’re really going to shat on people who support your sexuality? You’re making yourself look bad at this point.
We dont deserver to live we have destroyed everything on earth
Quite to the contrary. Larry Elders is brilliant. I wish Fox News wood fire juan and put Larry in his place.
Black Fathers Matter would be a real step to addressing black issues.
You guys are acting as if this was the worst insult ....how is this gross to say lol..please chill
Its not a biolohical thing
Wolf Heart - We will call them “it”
Gorge Floyd had a armed robbery in 2000 but the cops shouldn't kill people a guy was tased because of protesting when I saw that cops killing  gorge Floyd it was really heart breaking I needed to cry. Plz pray for gorge Floyd . And thx for thinking about gorge Floyd
@hana bakkoush It's call self hatred. it's usually the first step for young people in the lgbt community. If you ask anyone who was in the closet for long time the first thing that they will tell you is how much they loathed themselves and suffered in silence for how they felt. myself included. But then when you start maturing
l not black people in UK and UK is good for UK people
3 vs 1 lol how Fair it's so dum ppl please do not let these idots drag u in to this
Question! nI’m white
This is soo relatable. I wasn't good at drawing (orthographic) before too.
Because white people are already being labeled racist if they dont use the term black lives matter
Black lives matter does not mean all lives dont matter. Its putting a emphasis on the struggles of a black person in america facing discrimination
Jimmy Pop don’t be stupid.
@Marie Kimbi I mean what a joke that the Lord made ppl colored like my poop!
Sheriff........from the UK..........you are absolutely brilliant....all power to you and the truth you speak.
cat  Why dont you check the statistics
how is it racist ?
@rgw1380rw lol again a reflection. We arent the ones faking hate crimes and murders for boule and prince hall. Yeah we know y'all are gonna play victim again when chauvin gets off even though he's not dead and a mason connected to the independent order of odd fellows.
Biggest dilemma for me was figuring out whether maroon sweater was a boy or a girl I swear i heard him/her say their name was Anne but their voice is so masculine.
All lives matter and if you disagree with me you can kiss off and I'll see you when Civil War comes hopefully you won't be in my scopes
What a bunch of wankers these lot are!!! All lives matter not just black
Theyve messed with that also I'm afraid. Jesus is allegory and gets in the way of creator.nDon't follow stories follow truth
@Dark Wolf exactly
Total respect !
Contine to say their names...we show their faces
That much surgery to her face i hardly recognise her
@Jessica Walker it's a shitty and wrong opinion that shouldn't exist. Religion was once used to call black people lesser
I don‘t think you really get what all this is about
THHHHEEEEEEE EENNNNNDDD THOOOO. It got me  a...and..i-i...jus-st..
You people are nuts your now bringing in abortion issues to police brutality. It's Black lives matter because police don't think so.
Some of those kids are too young for this
I shouldn’t laugh but to beat someone with a biBLE what the hell is that gonna do?
I feel bad for the next generation who will have to learn this is history class
These guys and people in comments are idiots. If all lives matter how come those same people can’t say black lives matter?
Much love and respect for Madonna!!!
She is starting to look really messed up now of all these face-surgeries.
There are two central problems with black America that leads to a bigger
We can't change our history or our culture these people who object should leave the UK
Fox News deletes your comments if you say TH*G Lives Matter.
I agree with the cause but vandalism is not ok.
Whether you want to call it torture or not
Does anyone know where he got the picture for the butt of the day?
If she is
I get. The black lives matter.    And. I support this but has everyone forgotten about the. Pandemic that still looms.     Or is this just an escape from it
I hope your election gets cancelled because the  American people have become to left wing and don't deserve to be treated like people with intelligents
@Der Introvert So you're a coward. Got it. Loud and clear. How very Christian of you.
I am studying biomedical engineering and 70% of my colleagues are girls
“god gave us a choice
Set camera up and wait
Disorderly and violent protests need stopping by the government. Police action was needed here. Arrests needed to be made and the offenders prosecuted for public order offences and criminal damage. Also
the kod who doesnt agree with homosexuality looks like the biggest butch I have ever seen
The chemistry/energy/dynamic between these two feels so awkward!! Love her
It doesn't matter who u r but if u nLive in America nBlack live doesn't matter
Hahaha!! Hilarious when it goes SPLOSH! Throw the evil old racist Trumpo in there too! They both belong at the bottom of the Bristol Channel.
And then they close comments and likes/dislike ratios
This George Floyd thing it's a bit suspicious to me. I don't think he died and this is just some experiment as corona virus.
@Papaya Petunia And then she'll be all like hmmm
That one kid is so cute God gave us a choice and my choice is to love
You forgot the dark side of this “protest” with 1000s of small business ruined because the riots
@Kansuke Nelson The Black folk just fell for the propaganda that's all .. nothing new!n
All lives matter in Gods' eyes.
I think comparing abortion to sterilization is a little disingenuous. They see a fetus as a baby
In heaven we all will be same no hate but love new body. It's time to move on and forget  slavery yes it was wrong but it's no more.  that generation is gone dead can't blame everyone for others mistakes what they did back then I wouldn't do and also not everyone did that kinda thing to ppl forgive forget move on its only way peace can be established. Today we need to be together  which needs to be all lives matter and we need to fight the wickedness in higher places the dems
The world would implode
Sheriff David Clarke
Can we stop calling everyone a survivor?? I get that he went through something bad but it just takes away from the meaning of the word when everyone who goes through something is a survivor
Courtney Knutson nah I was just surprised that you had lots of likes but no reply’s
+John Nastrom your comment is out of line
Dude's an ultra chad
What a crock of crap all politicians will say anything to get Elected.
ALL LIVES MATTER no matter the age or color or anything. Mutual respect Is the secret.
America as become so stooped
kris c and? transphobic idiots like yourself lean on not being able to change DNA. the implication of what you said is that if we can change DNA then trans people will be valid. problem with that is that if we found a way to change DNA
All life matter. Many white communities in the rural area are poorer that black live in the city. No one have privilege in America except for the ruling classes. All the politicians in Washington DC are millionais or billionaire. We should remove career politicians from our system. I am a Asian don't have black or white privilege. But we can contribute and build this great nation.
Why can't she just be like this ALWAYS. Maybe Gaga's beautiful personality has rubbed off on her. I like todays version of Madonna
@Stu McCabe Most people are hypocrites LOL
Multiculturalism will never work.nAll colours are inherently racist
I was seeing all the comments about the homophobic girl and couldn’t find her then realised that the “boy” who’s name I didn’t hear was the girl.
can they spell ??????
Apparently God has morphed into some ugly middle aged hag posting comments on Youtube.
@Evelyne b it doesnt work. You need prayer for it to work.
Meanwhile in Chicago over the last three weeks 54 people have been murdered that included a 3 month old baby and 13 year old teenager
The people who booed may be the ones who disliked..
If my friends came out and told me I would be like do  I look like I care what your sexuality is we will always be friends
So we can rip down anything we don't like now?  I guess bristolpolice took day off?
Member Marco Polo? Yea I member.
Pastors in demonstrations praying for injustice( I’m in ). For victims that have been killed by police (I’m in). But when asked if they  prayed for police officers that got killed
my thoughts exactly
This lil lesbian really be “not agreeing with homosexuality”
Thank you for this
@Ed Jessup Thank you for letting everyone know you're leaving. Not that anyone remotely cares.
slap So you think it’s acceptable for someone to be beheaded in London in daylight legit butchered with a machete in London central infront of kids? An active serving solider defending his country? Lol okay
Yes ps5 is more memorale than all of the black lives
Ignore the people who dislike
love this
TheLegend27 Is Alive plenty of christians have tattoos which is frowned on. the stereotype thing is mostly a joke
What   black people think white people
@Dave Raymond so we should forget about the kids that were separated from their families and currently living in cages as you get to live a free life of many opportunities they or their parents don't get to have
Theo Colvin I like him
All of God's CHILDREN'S LIVES MATTER  FORGIVE FATHER FOR THEY KNOW NOT WHAT THEY DO ARE WHAT THEY SAY  WWG1WGA TOGETHER
i don't know why the girls didn't apply for engineering..so cool to study and we always welcome female to study engineering ...
Thank you for speaking about the truth and the problem
@Dus Bus I am ignoring nothing.  And no
@Travelling UK yeah the violence is definitely a big problem
He didn’t deserve to die the way that he did
Mala Fama that’s a wholeeee lie
Stubsy13 I agree but do you not see that mainly people of color are being affected be police brutality. And as much I want to put skin color aside I can’t. The fact of the matter is that a black person is not white and white person is not black. If you don’t see that police brutality happens  towards colored people more than white people then come out under the rock you live in. Not acknowledging white privileged is racist. I know your attentions are good much love brother.
What I believe is that if you’re a supporter of no homosexuals
We can only stop modern slavery if we stop obsessing about 18th century slavery.  Learn from the past
The youngest one must be protected from all evil in the world. WE MUST PROTECT HER INNOCENCE
There was a Lego-like toy called Ellos that came out several years ago
I like how Priti Patel identified herself as a racist so that she may never be voted into office again.nCitizens own the cities
As they should
Africans destroyed by Marxist communist agenda too. Africans need to understand that the white corporate men never owned slavery ever they ended slavery against communists. Slavery started in the Middle East.
covid 19? oh yeah! forgot about her
This is very inspiring!!! I am enrolling for Civil & Environmental Engineering now.
And that fact or logic being?
BLM is a shell company for ACT BLUE which is really about communism
Marco Arreola skin colour doesn’t define who a person is though. We’re all the same inside
Pepo nu I completely agree with you
All life's matter
Mia Lea Kahn for real
A statue of MLK  got vandalized. Someone painted his face white. Lol. Bet that won't be on the news lmfao
So the point is that “black lives matter” because more attention needs to be put on black lives to save us and create equality
In your face Sheldon copper !
@Maggie Paul  and what does the blm suggest other races do about police brutality ? March under the blm banner? Or do they even reconise other races have problems with police?
@bike is short for bichael Christians in general need to mind their own business
Native American lives matter!!!
And this was four years ago....now it is racist to say All Lives Matter.
Y’all got me weak in the comment section
america needs a sheriff clarke as potus
THIS IN 2015  OLD NEWS.  FAIR GO GUYS ITS 2020 GET IT RIGHT.
@Dus Bus please provide sources. Actually it's the other way around. As well as that
Fuck these Twatt bag bitches they're staying where they are safe they won't come down south with that bullshit be slap the fuck out of the middle of a the parking lot
Conversion therapy was banned in Dane county! (Where Madison
She has matured.
Vanesa please look up how to spell criminal
African American?? How many of them where born in Afrika. And witch Afrika? The North of Afrika is more White.
I don't want anymore immigrants
Carlover88 Z agreed. Plus she’s 61. She looks amazing!!
Yea cause it’s probably the last
we aren't worshipping him and
Do babies lives in the womb matternYes sheriff!
I am a smart beautiful engineer!
majority black people dont care about anybody else but themselves. #FACTS
And continue to cover up all the lives destroyed by already ignoring Lyme diseases for 50 years!!! This WAS supposed to be our time for millions of lives (and our future generations) to start being saved!!!
notice how it's been 4 years since this? hmmm
@Jessica Walker Yeah
This is modern days torture
I'd be down for that. He's such a mediocre
Jessica Walker so lesbianism is okay? How about trans people? Your allowed your opinion and people may or may not respect it that’s their right.
The money came from slaves.
OMG this interviewer is the worst.
posted in 2015 ... you could paste this clip into todays news and it would fit very well ... this movement has been going on for sometime.
they are tofu chomping fuckwits
I know baby girl with the CUFFED JEANS is not talking about not agreeing with homosexuality honey I have NEWS
It never ceases to amaze how stupid some people can be
The interviewer was awkward
haha edgy!!!!!!! Roflcopter
@Jesus is Lord & Savior finally
@Sleepydog  what word is this whatabout
That little kid my choice is to love I almost cried oh my god
@Pretend I put a Really Funny name here Oh I guess ill start then
Don't forget the milk for the cookies
Troy White What a ignorant statement. So white people do not have melanin? Since when? Plus
Which one? Which religion? And why should we care?
Where did you get that God doesn't want them to live? He wants them to change. He wants everyone to live and change their sinful ways. You're a very angry and bitter person. He hates no one He hates sin. How do you not get that?
@Michael Paysour Pushing vaccines is not the answer. And what did Bill. Yes vaccinate African children as guinea pigs. What is that fascination for that kind of peope?
Maybe it's a girl. I don't know...
Sunshine littlephilly I had just wanted to say that it’s completely okay and valid to be religious and also love and support the lgbtq. There is no changing what has been made by God
How is he a Survivor ?
Madonna always looks at her most bored when ppl try and have Oprah moments with her. This guy is another schmatlzer
READ FIRST CORINTHIANS 6
What's the difference between pansexual and bisexual?
Jessica Walker yea but thats a big flaging
@Paelorian you tell white people to do that
Marissa Mayer destroyed Yahoo and billions in value. Name one major tech company started by women. If they want it so bad a few of them should just get together and create the next Apple. No one is stopping them.
Hmm too whom do they matter ? Not in the black areas
Really? Bill Clinton.... who signed into law The Marriage Defense Act.... sigh....
Is this video 4 years ago? Or is it recent one? this is a dejavu!
@Gale Anderson And also greed. Because of capitalism
Pathetic tv channel. Stoking fears of the black community
Just because you don't agree with something doesn't mean you hate it. Stop overreacting
There are only American . There are no any black American no white American
That would just be uhhh pure mean
They shouldn't be having slave traders like a trophy of their disgusting history. They did right.
What actually  disgusted  and appalled  the Priti lady with a posh accent?
What a great interview.  Madonna
That doesn't mean that lgbt is correct
Who inspires you to come out can be very personal. For me
For the Democrats black lives matter; black cops lives don’t.
Its a religious conversion.
Where the hell were the police during this bullying display?
These two ideologies are in-f*cking-compatible!
Not surprised her last name includes ratch in it.
Boy Madonna is getting uglier by the day!
Strong true words. We all feeling like this about Madonna.
CAROLYNE EFING GENG IS LIKE A LITERAL MINI ILAH DIZON
Exactly. But the idiot leftists on Twitter are having trouble grasping this. It's like they don't know the definition of all. nnSaYiNg aLL LIvEs mAtTeR iS RaCiSt! Smh...
People of color? we have all different colors.
“God gave us a choice. My choice is to love”- most ICONIC quote of 2020!
“First they break down your mind set” nMe
Alex Seifert then dont attack people who say all lives matter. And just sayin i dont see feminists out there trying to support men and there struggles.
Super closeted vibes from them omg
Freed slaves were given their own country Liberia.
Madeleine Runyan what I’m trying to say that I’m proud THE WORLD is coming together and fighting
do you think all black people are thugs?
Saved local council time and money removing that abomination. So impressed they got it down and moved it with just rope. Well done guys xxx Oh perhaps Priti and Co could replace it with a statue of say... Hitler and then see how that works out for them...
The people whose lives don't seem to matter
Does anybody know if the kfc is open?
he's my soul
The fact that they gave in to the demands proves they're nothing but a bunch of pussies.
this video is so stuped... no one cares around world..
you r saying that pushed u out but all my time engineering school every body was trying to get u hooked with nengineering
@Teresa if the new testament doesn't cancel out the old then Christians can't mix fabrics
Last year (2019) Black on Black murder claimed between 7
@Grip Lol at both Replies!! Like the song Sad But True Worst part is all that money to provide all that Free stuff comes out of Our Tax Dollars and on top of That The A$$Hat Democratic Propaganda A Wholes sneak in raises for themselves for all their Hard Work!!! Thinkin it's Time for a Good Old Fashioned A$$ Kicking Party!!! Namely the Democratic Party!!
BLM is a racist organisation - provide evidence for systematic invisible racism or this needs to be deemed terrorist - implying people need to know BLM is a slap in the face and a step backwards - want to fix racism stop talking about it
Must be hard for them
Its not really controverisal. Union Jack & THE British empire has sentenced more black lifes to capital punishment than vice versa. The hypocrisy when Great Britain makes moral judgement towards THE confederate flag & American South just becomes pathetic & a political suicide.
Michael mcnoob I didn’t know you could hear sound through text
B. Scott All Lives Matter is straight bullshit. We never once said other lives didn't matter. Where was that movement at all these years. I never heard All Lives Matters until Black Lives Matters came on the scene. You white folks kill me with y'all logic.
How is Larry elder saying Trump has been bad for the black economy when black unemployment has been the lowest it has in 50 years under Trump?
This looks like the third world.
Strange how every 4 years the race topic seems to rise to the top of the news. Most people agree that there is definitely a problem
All lives do matter and there is also a  problem with police brutality.  What is that sherriff talking about?  He is only disagreeing about police brutality cause he is a police officer.
@Abc Abc You have no idea about science do you? There's no way someone can assume the gender of a brain. What you are talking about is the averages. It has nothing to do with individual capabilities.
Dangus a black male from Chicago put it in a very clear way - “it’s like my own people can’t wrap their heads around accountability and can’t listen to anything that doesn’t involve whites and cops”
Reminds me of lego stagnating a few years ago
@Billy Kersh AND WHY IS HE A HERO? WHAT MAKES IT SO
I’ve already forgotten why they where marching in the first place now getting all distracted buy the assaults on police vandalism to a statue and desecration of the Great Winston Churchill s memorial .  that’s right it’s for support  George FLOYD
the internalized homophobia really came out huh...
I like that sheriff ...
He also was an MP who helped build many schools and hospitals
@Aria Maas But the thing is
Its time to go
@Jonathan Brandis that too is true. Being sorry for the fault that theyve never committed just to show sympathy in order to follow the so called VICTIM crowd
Madonna will forever be The Godess
She has matured.
@tasiawful1 I feel like 60 is the new middle age.  My granny is 98 and still alive.
@Jacob O'C seems to be more black people than white people in America these days
@John Steven actually by innocent people who can't stand commemorations of evil people
We all need to change..All Life's Matter..
I don’t understand why they say BlackLivesMatter All LivesMatter don’t they
maybe it's a confidence thing
i always find her to be condescending and kind of rude in interviews
That Sheriff is probably one of the most impressive men I've ever seen. What a role mode!. Sadly a lot of people in black communities don't see men like him as a good role model. Not all but definitely some.
@Baden Jones it's not a choice
There racist so let's start a saying black lifes matter but if they say all life's matter fuck no fuck white people those racist people
Wow!!! I'm sorry but all lives matter ACCORDING TO GOD.... I rather be judge by God than by others.
We are all thinking the same thing
i have homosexual friends but u have to understand there are people who fake it for attention.
really good point.
@HBlaster It`s never that simple.
Ketnipz They assumed
The girl who doesn’t ‘agree with homosexuality’ seems like someone who’s in the closet and in denial... just putting it out there
CHURCHILL STATUE AND NELSONS COLUMN MUST BE PROTECTED!! nTHIS IS ENGLAND!!! I AM A PATRIOT WHOSE WITH ME!
Hmm this is a question not meant for simple men plus it makes my head hurt.
david clarke says it!
Alfredo Ramirez but it does exist so your point is invalid white people are not being targeted all lives matter is a protest to the black lives matter because at the end of the day If Black lives don’t matter neither would white lives why did they just start saying all lives matter when black lives matter protest can’t up
AnnaBannan I’m pretty sure they’re a female
if /pol/ users had wanted to make an anti-semitic image
Dear LGBTQ community
@DT not cool
@Cáca Milis sa Seomra Spraoi White protesters should sign up to these 10 demands. I suggest you read all the comments n
Who is in power now
MrCosmin94 why you gotta be like that man. Like I get it I understand like personal beliefs and such but why you gotta put people down? It isn’t getting anyone anywhere.
God bless you sheriff!
To think these are ppl who one day maybe in power  is scary   the kind of ppl who will have Orwellian society  in a heart beat
All of them need to go wicked people old evils them
Was he only a slave trader? Society was different at that time.
Madonna is the QUEEN
My thoughts are if women want to do engineering they should go in it. And they should know that nobody is stopping them. That's important. Don't teach girls there's some patriarchy oppressing them
I would tell my friends I don't like doctor who but I will secretly still watch it without telling them because I can still have friends and still watch doctor who
@HiHo Kids Even that doesn't say how he got out.
GO FANPOWER!!!!!nn  MADAME X .... DARK BALLET video is OUT!!!!    FASTEN YOUR BELTS   ncelebrate ur life with majestic music
Ah it is Bristol here in the UK.
Sweetpea.. not the place to make that comment
My choice is to love. Immediately my eyes welled up
Depends on the motives. There's no realistic reason for an white lives matter.
@kirollos halim about how blm is a horrible organization
Blm is just a Jewish funded movement. Its ironic coz its the black who are the true Hebrews
Roger Waters lmao easy to say as a guy
Is anyone that supports Trump a racist and who would they be racist against?
Black Lives Matter is out there to be researched. They are a far left globalist organization that has received over $100 million in donations from liberal organizations.  To include George Soros’ Open Society Foundation.nnThey are not a group about black lives that matter
Sometimes interviewers are so annoying
@pagan warrior haha ye the white female supporters are storing up trouble for themselves in the future they'll be the first against the wall
Good interviewer for a change.. substance & depth. Lovely interview. xx
@random girl You exist. Being something doesn't mean you don't exist or whatever
We should let all these new young librals look at this and see
BigDaddyEddy show me where I mentioned Antifa or riots? You’ve turned to insults because you haven’t got a response to the points I made. Ironically the only snowflake in this discussion has been you so far. nIf you bothered to read what I said before then you’ll see me state clearly multiple times that I’m against all forms of racism. nYou’re so f**king dumb that not only are you arguing against someone who’s fighting for the same cause as you but you’re bringing up my skin colour as an insult while trying to stop racism. Hypocrisy at its finest
Like your braid TJ
All the time
She can just move back to her homeland since she want that.
Alysa Rice This comment thread is so wholesome 🥺
All I have to say is they all missed the point
The same party that keeps insisting you don't need guns; the police will protect you also hate the police and want to defund the police while taking everybody's guns away.  You'd think they're working for Stalin or something. Demonrats don't have a prayer.
Sure dummy if you can’t see that black people are being used every 4 years by the left then you have serious issues
I agree with you to an extent. However
The mostly peaceful Vietnam war.
Luna Jae i have to laugh
buzzfeed is that you?
@NOXISUM how many white lives matter protests do you know.
@Oliver Beck What endless extreme words am I using? You're the one saying that teaching kids about things you personally deem wrong is mentally ill and the reason kids are abused. Dude
worst get worst already...peaceful country because unsafe
It's not controversial... people are just stupid SJW virtue signaling idiots.
God gave us a choice. My choice is to love. I'm crying
He set them free
Why don't they follow social distancing rules?
Our God is about loving others. Conversion therapy and that sort of abuse does NOT fall in line with what he teaches us. It appalls me that some people call themselves Christians and think that's okay.
Ahh person that actually knows what their talking about
If one person is being beaten up
This Sheriff is awesome
I tell myself always. Never give up girl child!!! You fit in
CNN is horrible. Everyone will have their day of judgement. All lives matter. We are all created in GOD'S image!
this made me feel happy to know i’m not alone in the world. this gives me the courage to come out to my parents
Imagine ganging up on an impressionable kid for saying something you can easily brush off. Get over yourselves.
Why dies he make everything sound evil
yamiGAJw its an umbrella term for non-straight or non-cis ppl
Annie is cute tho.
What does that have to do with All Lives Matter?
Mildly distressed man in a turtle neck Wait
Women ruin everything men are at. Their only measure of excellence is chase what men are doing. Period.
omg!! that's amazing. Hopefully you succeeded on becoming a video game develop.
Can someone please tell me why people choose to run from police? If they aren't doing anything wrong
The left lost brexit the left lost with trump winning so why not go with chaos and destruction. They control the education system and media and now after years of brainwashing the youth that white supremacy is all around them they now release those young fearful mind onto the streets.
Danielle D Literally the most Christian girl I know is ace and panromantic. You can be Christian and fine with the LGBTQ+ community
There are white racists
No life matters except our Lord and Savior Gabe ben
Thank god there still are people with this opinion as the Sheriff has
I read an article this morning
My question when a non black person dies from police brutality nothing happens but when a black persons dies from police brutality riots and protests happens..
I wouldn't shed a tear if they die of or with covid19.
wait the girl who doesn’t agree with homosexuality loOKS LIKE A LESBIAN
I'm gonna unsubscribe now from this leftist propaganda. I thought this was just about culture and nature and shit like that but nope they support a terrorist organization. An organization that is calling for use of chemical warfare aka mustard gas on American citizens. Great work
Actually black and white are classed as pigments not colours. Just thought I would correct you on that.
Trump probably doesn't even run his own social media pages. Most politicians don't.
By saying black lives matter you're not saying others don't. You're just saying
@Stephanie South sux for u
Would it be racist if white people walked with banners that said White life matters. All lige matters to me. But there clearly some problems that made this debate
if your an atheist then why do you have that symbol in your intro
Kid doesn't agree w homosexuality
she smells like cuffed jeans and boots in case you’re wondering
@Phoebe Reynolds Also
Mark Tunstall you are by far the most intelligent person I’ve seen comment on any political videos. God bless you brother
All Life s matter
This poor man. Why can’t people except that this the way people are? I’m so sorry for people that have been through this. 🤦‍
I thought it was a lesbian no cap
@Michael Paysour you're the poor thing you're stuck on that liberal Democrat Party
All Lives Matter All The Time..
Couldn't agree with you more. Raising kids on a safety net is only jacking up our taxes more. The only exception I would make is if you had the kids before welfare. If it was discovered you were having kids
@jazzfan1 you should educate yourself self with facts and have your own mind and then you will see the truth. Don't be a sheep.
Your profile picture is disgusting
All lives matter you dumb asses. Stop trying to control others. You're nothing but a mob.
MrMojoman1236 please dont try to write more of these stupid simple examples
The walls came down in this interview.
Burn the witches
@Simon Yip There are slave tunnels yards from that statue! To protect Whiteladies' road from seeing the drive down Blackboy Hill
TheLadyDelirium if one of the people who commented
@Madison Williams You must understand that homosexuality is not about love
I dont think parants should let kids learn about religion untill their a teenager. Kids brains are like sponges and takes in everything their parants say
We all were created and named as “ HUMAN” nAmerica helped all people around the world!nAmerica is the only country on the earth who cares for human life.nAmerica cares for Animal life’s.nAmerica’s constitution is built on freedom and equal rights for all.nAmerica is so rich that named promised land nAmerica is the second Babylon in historynPlease don’t let anyone to attack to our believes to human rights.nYou have right to demonstrate and be loud to be heard but don’t act as anarchism and ruin your fellow Americans life.
What are you going on about
Is BLM something BIG? If you mean big like the TITANIC ABOUT TO SINK BIG - yes.nBLM is as a Marxist-style movement. It has ties to Muslim extremist groups
@Robin Stiff Until people treat people better
You are ignorant and blind stupid juan wake-up open your eyes
@Creative- Name there are cases of social safety net abuses
These people are tyrants. If they had any power
TheLegend27 Is Alive || im sorry but that’s such bullshit LMAO
Love this video and I am a man. I'm glad that she doesn't pinpoint her blame for gender inequality on men. This is a feminist that I can back. It is society as a whole telling women they need to be princesses instead of engineers and doctors.
Obviously white lives matter but....
Chills. This is the fight we need to see !
@Henry Atkins or like your house is on fire so you say keeping your house safe matters then someone says all houses matter. Yeah
@Baden Jones I sincerely hope you can someday understand the way our world works
Theodore Haskins nListen
I hate how Marcus had to go through that. It's not okay to hit someone with a bible to try to get a demon out of him
I love this !!!
Guys I have some rather unsettling news. It seems I have caught the covid n19.  I know that only black lives matter but just this one time I ask nyou to at least pretend that this white matters for I only have a 99.9 npercent chance at survival. So please pray to the supreme being Trump nfor me. He is the only one with the power and know how to heal this nterrible affliction. Trump be with you all.
I think you just described asphyxation
Rebecca Abrams No women. This is a man. Deception right here. More are waking up.
If you break the law and got a trail of colourful criminal records
The riots have increased racism
This made me so happy.
@SneakGreens that analogy is stupid and false
they look so stupid now...they kept denying and redirecting and hijacking the real reason of BLM. In your FACE!!!
Princesskami  thank you
Enginners always question the new ones
@Michael Halligan the Duke of Wellington is on a 50ft pillar in Trim Co. Meath
@Cáca Milis sa Seomra SpraoinNot really
These kids are so sweet<3
Ben Lynch I think he’s talking about communism
So according to this youtube channel ONLY BLACK LIVES MATTER?nAint that racism against the rules and regulations
This legitimately needs to be spread more. Though I don’t agree completely with a lot of what the demise movement had turned into
@Michael Paysour i thought u were supporting trump?
wow she does a great close up! skin is amazing
Blame the prez? lol.
@Alex Rivas while that's his feelings towards the movement
Stephen Skinner it actually does prove something even if you don't like it. Let me explain
In Sheriff Clarke's jail people were killed and a woman gave birth on a cold
Why do reparations need to be paid when everyone involved has been dead for hundreds of years?
I’m still kinda confused about what happened to this George guy.
How old are you man. Werent you alive during bush housing bubble?
Do we pull down mosques because their prophet was a slave trader?
@That pink Jacket that Jin forgot about The violence was very bad
It seems the entire human race is lacking common sense honestly.
how many years ago was that? (plus he already served his sentence for that) and they're not only protesting for George Floyd ....
Good Lord! Four years ago and 6/10/2020 and Here we go again! I'm so sick of this crap and I'd hope other folks are too!
@James Johnson nnEven chimpanzees play differently. Are you going to claim chimpanzee patriarchy? nhttp
If you have a job and you pay taxes weater the color of your skin or nation tour from your a slave to the government . your all puppets living lives of lies and fed bull shat
Thats a good idea
He is better than anyone in Democrat party.
Oh my! My heart! That brought tears to my eyes. I love Jules.
@Molly Rebekah How do you know for sure that God's real?
@Tjtsjjbcb why are you here then
no shade but i kinda thought that religious gal was lesbian at first
Instead of having (perverts) transsexuals in our schools for the purpose of “integration & tolerance”we should be teaching unrevised history
Bernie that was stupid! ALL LIVES MATTER! As a Democrat this was embarrassing to watch.  Excessive police actions are not limited to Blacks!
i thought it was a boy-
@Erik H seriously???A girl can't have a short haircut? You wouldn't say that if her hair was long.
@Beautiful World amen
@New Jersey Aviation Wrong. Notices he said socialism AND those who want anarchy. The and makes the difference.
It all starts in the home. They are not taught to respect all people. God created all people equal. Respect that. We are all God's children. Good or evil that is your choose.
White lives don;t matter
Lonelymilanj are you for real...she did her work when no one else did.
@W R  ck out Candace Owens Congressional hearing 24 mins in full. She's black young lady
@palmtain I didn't read right. But she's trying to say that just because it happened to her it'll happen to Annie
This is so important
How is Hillary still free?....
I like to watch tj when I feel alone. Some times this is at night. The intro music makes me uncomfortable haha
Thank god it is in my state
Yellow lives matter
We'll see how this all plays out
@Michael Paysour 🥱 CNN calling you
If he ever decided to run for President
It’s not controversial. It’s ignorance.
Love Sherriff Clark and Mr. Larry Elder!! They tell it like it is...they don't beat around the bush like Juan Williams does.
No it aint
Why do these kinds of videos always show people being made ready for the shoot while being able to see part of the studio set-up?
Yeah like it’s funny but what about the meek
Never Give Up Hope - that's certainly NOT Madonna's message to the Palestinians who have been suffering from dislocation and oppression for over 70 years. nShe WON'T stand up for Justice
The thing that made corona
The moment that copbsays theres no issue of police using excessive force kinda through his argument out the window because obviously he's letting bias take over his view. I dont like liberals
@Jaisean Davis What
Should we tell her?
British Monarchy can fund all of Africa. For shame.
Every race has been mistreated. But that group is a self center ignorant racist group
@anonymous guy that sin is good
Like looking the other way while people loot and riot in the name of boredom and revenge because to make any criticism would be “racist”
This is what they are saying
If you don't get what black lives matter means at this point ur being dumb on purpose
She’s just looking for attention ignore her
@Mark Slima  omg it was Oct 2015... Maybe REPOSTED 3 days ago but that doesn't change the publishing date nAre you serous right nownW...O...W
@kanika Johnson tell than about why was he your god
Goat Warrior I love David
Good is for Evie
EVERY LIFE MATTERS NOT JUST BLACK. NO ONE SHOULD DIE FROM POLICE BRUTALITY. Stop deleting my comments
@Slav Giorno We are all the same in God's eyes.
Yeah I never want to come because I dont know how the graveyard workers will react
Yea can’t call out anything because they don’t want actual discussion
@0oDRAGONFIREo0   FOR NOW
It’s only. Controversial to the ones that feel the need to cause a constant scene for supremacy....don’t matter the race
Amen. They don't care about black cops or black babies that are aborted or black on black drive by shootings. Only when a white man accidentally shoots a black person then the news puts it everywhere to get all he black people all riled up and pissed. Someone at CNN and MSNBC knows how to get those ratings up.
Yeah we know and were still happy they ripped the statue down
I love this girl
I don't see white people faking hate crimes.
@Jimmy The Clown everyone stop feeding the troll. Just ignore
@Dad my evidence are the words coming out of her mouth saying we are trained marxists nnfacepalm
how is this an agenda
@Dus Bus are you saying all cops are racist?
The point when one says black lives matter
their just asking to stay alive but that's to much right??
At least the sheriff knows the truth...
TheLegend27 Is Alive you realize you are literally talking to a lgbt Christian
Amazing Worenwu Find my 2nd comment on this video. I think your claim is factually correct
All part of the plan
Al C ... Where is the racism?
Lives matther all ignorants go to work dont live committed  crimes
This is sad how Greedy lefts are
Well said sheriff Clark
Wow....... she is soooooooo real right now!
I imagined Bob the builder
@Troy White and they think about white people???Oo you are stupid
To say that you are more valuable than somebody else because of the amount of melanin in your skin is about as racist as you can get.
Spot on. But the narrative fabricated within the tumblr reality is amusingly horrific making it somewhat entertaining. It's like watching an elderly person fall over. You know it's gonna be bad but you can't help but watch and laugh hysterically.
OK so if you're not christian please tell me why teaching children love and tolerance is bad and liberal propaganda?
There is a problem in this country regarding the number of black men being victimized by the police.   But that doesn't change the fact that every
Never liked playing with Barbies or dress up really tbh. It was something I scarcely remember trying once or twice. All the dolls I got for my birthdays were never opened from their boxes. That or they collected dust in my closet. I always found myself playing with my brother's legos and my animal toys. Or playing outside with my dinosaur figures and collecting rocks and plants. My dad got me a Bob the Builder tool box set and I loved that thing. As I did with the show. I remember seeing those TV ads selling plastic builder/workshop tool sets for boys and always wanting one myself. I would've loved Goldie Blocks if it was around when I was a kid. nnThis video was very inspirational. Intelligent and beautiful woman. Glad she never gave up. Im starting to get into engineering myself
so stupid this whole thing ahaha
I think all the pride parade has to do is to get a different organizer one that did not sign their list of demands and they'll be good. unless there's some sort of legal issue I'm not aware of.
@poopman69 I don't think you get what I meant. I'm pretty sure that everyone here is just joking
There seems to bee a committee hidden somewhere behind the curtains that decides what is 'controversial' (=no-no
@Ian Mangham What's yours?
That cop is spitting pure truth.
Mandonna is my favorite artist!
Yes. They can.
Asian isn't a colout but ok lol
Hahahhaha oh my gosh best comment!🤣‍🤣‍
The lesbian thinks she’s a better actor than she is.
when I remember right It's ok to be white was racist now All lives Matter is Racist. My head hurt now
They brainwashed you. You can't change who you are.
very interesting to see the point of view from their prospective
@JD1710a It Does bother me
she has mocked the gays.....you will learn
“Black lives matter” is a racist slogan. Nobody can single out any race and put it against others like that without being called racist.
Like said they did some dumb ass shit
Well she was fighting for us in the mainstream media when no one was
I am a Christian
Let's go tear down the pyramids
All Lives matter. Jesus says it's not color.
JUAN WILLIAMS IS A IDIOT
Me ally!! Lol
Mohammed was a white man that owned slaves
Sheriff David Clark is a very intelligent man
I only wish Juan Williams would be removed from FOX. He panders with the best of Democrats.
@TheMighty Derp nnStop trying to convince yourself about the validity of these peoples' actions.nnI dont like this now
This is a awsome minth
Esteban Carrillo nMurder does not require the innocence of the victim.   Murder does not require a racist motivation
Anyone who knows the butt of the day girl is?
Boy Madonna is getting uglier by the day!
Whites lives matter the most.
Whoring for votes! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Love the Bluntness
@be the light good
@Nibzu of Nibiru nnI'm all OK on that department scooter rat.
Since that's all it is now
I thought Annie was a lesbian 🤣
@TheLegend27 Is Alive  -  Believe what you want
as she ages she becomes more vulnerable and transparent.... <3
You’d think this is from 2020
My life matters.
The same community that discriminates if you dont have the right looks
Its gonna be one those videos isn't it.nso who paid this time Soros or the Rothchilds ?
Bluebird44 yeah guess what! All causes good or bad have bad people... GASP what a shocker!!!
She will always be Madonna! Without her
TheLegend27 Is Alive yeh I guess so but it’s just a stereotypical example and most lesbians go for that kind of style so that’s what I think
White lives matter! Now does anyone think that's racist???
Why do you think people that aren’t black aren’t worth anything?
@Arcane Flame Maybe if they got their heads from out their asses they might see something other than their own Sh**. If by now they dont know what black ppl talking about its because they choose not to know..
I'm in my 3rd year in my CS program at a state uni in California. I'd say it's 90% guys. However
@Ash Waddington she's a girl
that would just be uuhhh...pure mean
Keep wrapping tin foil around your head and they won't get you.
THEY control words and speech. THEY decided what words can be used and how...and when.nTHEY can control their followers to believe saying the sky is blue is racist.nAnd facts show that THEY are 16% of our population.nHow does this happen? Money and media...
Testicle Thief They’re actually more common. They just don’t get any attention like black deaths do.
Charmayne Damsma they did a video with a suicide survivor
@Kit-Kan Family history....a 15 year old girl leaves school and starts work in the early 1960's. Within days she frightened and worried. WHY ? she was asked.  It's the West Indian people at work
This is really sad I have 3 white children and apparently their lives don't matter. Well can I say that they matter to me
@Khaver Paver no such thing as White Priveledge
She is actually I'm her brothers friend and she has a gf lol
All lives matter and everyone must be treated equal
Got it backwards donk.
Juan you are a disgrace to the human race
It's now illegal in Australia!!
Tony Timpa never got this attention because he’s white.
it is not an issue of one or the other
Its ignorant to say all lives matter but then say black lives matter is wrong. Think about it.
Jack Parsons I meant to say being gunned by cops everyday.
The dislikes are the police
@Sam Osler she's correct look harder
Meh. All Lives Splatter. My bumper doesn't discriminate when you're blocking traffic and causing distress.
One white man make those three black men fight
Randall Sims No one is arguing that! So does Black Lives Matter?
A Friendly Gemini I’m sorry if you don’t understand but let me just explain. Saying all lives matter is taking away from what the problem is. Here’s an example. Let’s say there is five kids one kid falls and hurts his leg and wants a bandaids. He gets one. Why give the other kids bandaids if they don’t need it. We are saying WE GETTING KILLED. We’re saying we’re that kid that fell and hurt his leg. We are saying it takes away from us. So I hoped this help you understand why we feel that saying all lives matter is disrespectful.
@Molly Cone uh
@Lumen I'm sorry for any bad experiences you may have had with people professing to be Christians. Sometimes people say they are but don't represent Jesus's teachings very well.nnAnyway
SHOOT THEM ALL
Larry elder and sheriff are true Americans
@rgw1380rw maybe I'll hire some.
Hats off to Sheriff David Clarke! It is the Democrats who have enslaved the black community with a benefits cheque so effectively buying their votes with public money. Social security was designed to be a safety net not a hammock that has become a lifestyle as this clear thinking Sheriff points out.
Just a friendly reminder that ALL LIVES MATTER
Why should we apologies to the black people that snipes the cops or ruin today's music
Cindy Lauper didn’t do quarter a half of what Madonna did
Well no one cares because they dont call themselves viCtiMS
And again this is relevant
@troyissmexy Why does the message have to be implicit? When you're selling a message to the masses
@Poseidon where did you get this false information?
@Dangus I don't know about the situation in the US but in Australia protests are being organised by the Socialist Alliance
@Nibzu of Nibiru oh okay. So what happened to your brain to be like one of the FREAKS in the video?
Jessica Walker Yeah
@ravioli ravioli wow wats her @ on insta?
I need to watch stargate sg1 again.
I don’t support the group but I support black lives not black lives matter cause what I feel like is they matter more
This is overkill..sorry but punish the cops not the entire coyntry.All cops that break the law and think they're above the law..go to jail for the crime you've committed..just like every other person!!
More than 18 million people
@LamBeau Leeper 240 years of free labor. The Irony!!!!
The end is near.
@Billy Kersh HE WOULD  TAKE 10 EXTRAS AND A GUN
Cats999 u might not think it but it does discredit it and also the only reason yall have a problem is it is because it’s meant for black ppl and that the blm movement is the biggest movement for impowring a race out. black ppl who were forced to come to america and then left with no rights now we gettin killed or racially discriminated cause our skin so b4 u say sum black lives matter was and is meant to impower black lives and at its early stages it was only black ppl and other skin colors used it to one another. ur actin like there arent movements for other races between their community
There's a comment just like this above this..
demon....her teeth are horrible
Couldnt agree more all lives matter but as a white person we only allowed to say blm if not we are rasist in fact the very statement of only saying blm is racist we should be united and say alm
Everyone is bullying the girl who didint agree with him
Arie the Aries her voice and jeans
male butts or riot
How about bringing down African statues since Africans enslaved millions of whites during Barbary Slave Trade.
all lives don’t matter then.
Ashxr there’s a difference between disagree and hate.
@GTC D'you think?
@***** so lets deliberatly keep 50% of the population intellectually stunted
They showed the pigs in a blanket in this protest. In 2020 it's that amazing.
Nah minority few soon get bored . No one going to allow this criminal brutality to go on . We will fight back!
Some things are worth the risk
+Ancient Soul yes I was talking about cops. We've strayed from the point because you're an idiot. This is my last reply seeing as you're a Moron and I'm getting a headache and I have better things to. Have a nice life and go Fuck yourself n
@Mighty Conker r u a vegan
@Ankan Maiti  We're trying to send her to Pakistan for divorce court there.
God bless you Sheriff David Clarke. It's people like you who give me hope for my future.
All lives matter includes black lives
Youth are always ungrateful and self absorbed. Hard to survive without beung that way.
@Gregory Smith more than that
Don't listen to the trolls
crystal our knowledgeable qween
Identity politics is a mental illness
No captions? Well i guess i cant watch.... it is hard for those with hearing problem like me to understand....
Of course all lives matter. The ones who are against this are the real racist individuals. ALL LIVES MATTER!! Not only white nor black... every single live matters... ALL LIVES MATTER!! Saying BLM is fighting racism with racism... ALL LIVES MATTER!!
This is a Michael Jackson costume.
Just another stupid racist
This video is really just pointless...
@Fate Kyougo Yes! I felt bad growing up because I didn't have a passion in the way it is marketed. It doesn't help the kids who have that marketed passion anyways- they think they're interested in quantum mechanics
The oppressed will become the oppressor and then white lives will matter. Equilibrium is only achieved for brief moments before things fall the other way
@MZhris Don't think so. I saw a group of BLM protesters joining hands and protecting a Target store from getting looted. There are genuine guys may be 5%.
Should we tell them about the past popes...
Love the sheriff
@Johnny K All lives matters. Drugs n other crimes are dangerous but racism is more dangerous.
provocateur I have absolutely no defense
Read the Declaration of Independence United States of America
I love this cop
The Banana guess we’ll kill the cops that talked people out of suicide....
@Morgan Taylor Proof?
The media on the right are racist.
flesh bongosnSomebody get that in the dictionary
I can't thank you enough Debbie for this talknI had the luck of being able to play with not just girl toys
I have a question why do people root for a black man that died by an officer when the same thing happened in 2017 by a white man but we roit for a black man just because he’s black?
When she said we are changing the world my first thought is in a bad way
BBC Censored what the hell dose women’s right have to do with any of this you’re just making excuses
Briton Kirkland you probably won’t get an answer from him. They’re one liners. Say something they hear on CNN and don’t reply back because there’s 0 factual evidence to back up their claims
Why did people dislike this?T-T
First you build the machine second you know what it is his use... i call it reversed engineering....
But it's an actual academic term.
@Laci Rae by 'those' you mean people who commit crimes and get arrested by cops
Martin Looter King.
It has been about 50 years since segregation ended in the U.S. And black people have not bounced back. And it's no surprise. In his works
Every life matters.
She's a living legend. She changed the world. Madonna u are my life!
@Aziyah Charles its a sentence
Black lives matter is just another racist organization where it all is about race and the color of your skin and blaming all other non black people. There is not any difference between this organization and KKK.
Randy Snyder Randy Snyder I will point it out.  An African or “other” sounding name read on a resume is less likely to get an interview (and people shouldn’t have to change their names to appease white culture - especially knowing America gained its foundational wealth on the backs of slaves)
I agree fully! it bothers me when a little boy can't even hold a doll because that's a toy for girls!. play with toy guns instead!. I don't think toys have any gender
Aaaaa ikr?? Why arent any of the other comments about how kind and wonderful this man is??
@TheCounterpointer FUCKING MORON
@stargirl  its not that white people are privileged its that black people are under-privileged
@MILO WOLFE Please explain how black people are opressed here?
It's not funny at all.
Ming Tian Black protestors supported “Yellow Peril” in the 60s. A quote regarding The Black Panthers
Black Lives Matter' has an implicit also at the end. Black lives matter also. Because black lives are not being treated like they matter... Like if you didn't get any ice cream
@Tyrone Marcus hahaha
How about ‘Innocent Lives Matter’?
And we will tear down Mandela statues
edgy music and memes
@Roy Blevins ok good. White lives matter
99% is a huge number mate
@PepeThePoopyPants That's OK
And you know that for a fact ?
Wait the girl that does not believe in homosexuality is straight????nThis is my take on life... if you’re not hurting yourself or others
Claire F. But then you would be a liar
aneesh89 nHer facts were right!nShe said ‘slave owner’!! Or does that make him a slightly better person having only ‘owned’ rather than ‘traded’ slaves!
So with LGBTQ... I don’t support it
No matter how much we're going to change
When someone says „black lives matter“ that sounds so racist
Barry Benson in some states but not all
They could’ve just put a 2 at the end and it wouldn’t sound so bad.. BLM2
LmaonUk police forces are sooooo weak its pathetic.nThey done absolutely nothing
Nice one guys! What a great man.  Crystal is so grown up now.
why didn't they just name it 'life matters? its not like asians are getting respected either
PATTYY L of course you can but it makes you ignorant and closed minded ^^
According to Obama Hilary and sanders their lives matter because their guards can carry around guns but normal citizens aren't allowed to defend themselves. Do not vote democrat. Vote for trump he won't take part in this race baiting and siding with thugs
@Donnie Inzodda II No I have hated Trump since he called the NFL Players mothers bitches to please a audience of Mississippi bigots.
Thank u Madonna I've loved since I was a kid
As much as i hate leftists and rioters
@An Deo Answer me two questions
@GhostMan407 BLM is Buffoonery!! .. a disgrace to the Black race!!n
I don't agree with green eyes at all
IDIOTS LIFE MATTERS. Idiots Leadership for democrazy change! Idiotic nequality for everyone! Fire police
Yea ! Haile Selassie I. is still the first and will forever be ! Greetings from the BRD !
THEY HATE ENGLAND'nBut not the FREEBIES     Housing - Schools - NHS - Benefits  etc etc etc  of course
I know this is stereotyping
We have royaly fucked up with this year
I would love to sit and have a conversation with her.
@Kathryn Thomson that doesn't make it not a sin though....
>gets beaten with a biblen>forced to do manual labourn>forcefully starvednnwhich one did you feel the worst about?nnthe lonelinessnn
Obviously the little girl had told him she loved Dr. Who at another part in their conversation. They edit these down. Im sure you know they aren't showing you the full interactions. You can easily tell by how she responds when he says this.
@Troy White nRacist much??? Hate people because of the color of their skin much? Duuuuuhhhh!
Boogaloo July 4th PLANDEMIC.
Blm are basically terrorists. And I won't be forced to apologise for saying it.
screaming with laughter
Juan Williams life don't matter one iota.He isn't even human. He's a failed lab experiment. A freak.
Alan Bstrd in your opinion
@Elim Kwok what are u said maybe 10% i agreed
She's gonna bomb the capitol so don't get on her bad side.
@Dangus white ppl dont live with fear of the police
Andrew Stewart I said the video was from 2015.  I never said I supported Hillary.
Lol really? She sounds either nervous or like she'd been crying. She's sounded perfectly normal in every other recent interview.
#early I love your videos!!
Ironically nearly all the protesters are young and have had the most liberal life and upbringing on the planet  A few days work may change their attirude.
should have taken it to the scrap yard gotta be 500kg of bronze.
Major Tom nnI’m not sure I would ever be able to “make peace” with such people even if I did take a pill that changed some aspect of my personality for their sake. There’s something fundamentally flawed about those people that runs deeper than just this one opinion about one thing. It’s likely the same logic they use to find homosexuality problematic is also running in the background of other judgements they make. It seems to me like the best solution is to bring them to some kind of change or new understanding of the world rather than changing a more superficial feature of other people to appease them. I think that actually moves everyone in the right direction.
Because she is often vulgar
I thought this was going to say therapist not therapy survivor and I cringed so much
@Molly Cone  molly....where is your proof? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Like right now but people  dont understand that because we dont know where the present begins because its measured by a hairline thin line on a clock and we hold hate towards painful pasts
@Ed Jessup Yes
He died by a police brutality( Even tho he shouldn't) and people accused the case is the case of racism because the police is white
They are aleady preaching this at gunpoint right now. They want a black communist country....and thats what this has been about from the very beginning. What do you think BLM is doing with all the money donated to them? Giving it to poor black children for a better education. They  don't give a fuck about shit...they don't care who dies for their cause
They tossed it in the harbor where it belongs
oilcube bottle Ik just don’t say All lives matter
Bbm add#11 ok 1. that came out of nowhere and 2. babies aren’t the same thing as fetuses
@brandonshmandon Pretty sure a lot of it was also due to lockdown protests in the US. Most of the BLM protests are done with a mask one although not everyone keeps distance
people who are looting are using BLM as a reason to lot. they are opportunists. BLM protests started off as peaceful but police started to teargas and brutalized peaceful protesters.
I didn't come out of the closet. My mum walked in by accident
Sunshine littlephilly There is this comment I read not too long ago sayingn- It’s okay to say “I can’t do this because of my religion” nit’s not okay to say “you can’t do this because of my religion”
BLM refused to engage with me when I grilled them on the All Lives Matter. More
So my life doesn't matter. Bruh christianity is so overrated
Condemned by who? Passive voice is so handy for propagandists.
Crystal is such a smart and caring child.
What I like the most about the Black Lives Matter logo is that it is a LEFT fist and the LEFT fist is a symbol for SOCIALISM. Bring it on baby...
I like how they threw the statue in the river.
We latinos are fairly represented at the local bars and pubs and even the local jailhouse...just go out and see for yourself. All jokes aside
Once William's ran out of BS to say....guess I better stop lying and agree to what's true and honest
Love the people cheering who are so scared to oppose this.  I will be safe if I just Cheer !  Walk down the street at 2am
@Jessica Walker That's not true at all. The East is more anti-LGBT than the West and this has nothing to do with any religious doctrine
NOXISUM How? The whole statement was created to support people of color saying that all lives matter and we shouldn’t be killing people on their race I understand that black lives are definitely more in need but I don’t understand what’s wrong with the phrase.
@Beast Slasher you're just so hateful.
Yoselin GarcianAll Lives Matter
Neither do boards
You're very wrong. You're not supposed to be saying that. You are not God. There's only one judge. You my friend need to repent right now and ask for forgiveness.
A guy flew a banner over burnley football club saying  white lives matter guess what! he is being hunted down as a racist.
We are souls having a human experience that is it n We all matter to God
Have a look at the trailer for a new movie I’m making about 2020!
How easy for a sheriff to say a list of grievances doesn't exist.
It's okay to be white.
Imagine being white and booing when someone says Black lives matter
Amazing Worenwu I’m sorry but I’m not treating other races better than my race and I’m not treating them worse
Get off the couch and find a job
The reason those words matter to you mr sanders  is because you are the biggest recipient of the donations to blm....which is a left wing funnel for the dnc...2020 is the end for all of this treasonous antihuman agenda
@The Rage Commenter In the main parts of Ankara and Istanbul. Not really the rural areas.
Nobody should be punished because this is justice. Black Lives Matter.
“God gave us a choice. My choice is to love.” IM CRYING!!!!! I love that kid
Protester condemned by the government would be more appropriate.  All the rest was in favour. nnGovernment condemned for upholding a symbol of slavery  would be better.nn(Sky will probably silence comments in a day. Shame on them.)
I have NEVER beat a child
i just found out this is still a thing in utah
Does not exist except for the thousands of videos proving it exists.
I agree. Corona Lives Matter
How is she out of touch?
Equality in misery certainly is possible and that’s what they’re unknowingly fighting for.
After the Floyd killing
I dont hate our brothers and sisters from Black Community
She's dressed like Michael Jackson.
Well every lives matter actually nEven monsters !nLike me
FUNNY HOW EVERY LIFE MATTERS WHEN YOU ARE OK WITH CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN SERIA IN THE NAME OF FIGHTING TERROR. YOU KILL WHEN YOU WANT AND SAY IT'S  LEGAL.
@Alex Rivas what you see in others is a reflection of self. So While y'all call Trump racist the finger is pointed right back at you
@MrPinbert I doubt that was their intention
people are only saying blm to not get cancelled these days
the Slave Master
Oh I get it you're talkin about Black  Americans why do people call them African Americans  none of them ever even been to  Africa probably
The only historic thing about this is the complete lack of police brave enough to do their job. The demonstrators are nothing more than vandals
It's a trap
Amsterdam's protest is probably the least needed in the world since amsterdam is incredibly diverse and accepting. Not to mention that only police officers can have guns
WHY COULDN'T THEY FIX HER MIC
homosexual. ality and stuff
Marcus is amazing
Casey Heart Hello fellow asexual
are you all going to ignore the fact that if it was a white dude saying it
@Maggie Paul  I think people have been using the term all lives matter a lot longer than the retaliation against the big blm
Wow they would be disappointed in what is going on now.
Miley Cyrus has let herself go a bit
Let's have a squad of elephants pushing them into the canal
Bloody ridiculous.  Nothing to be proud about removing a statue. There are other better ways to achieve what they want instead of vandalism through public disorder.nALL LIVES MATTER
If ALL AMERICA WAS BLACK YOU CAN SAY THAT
@RealityCheck because they resist arrest
Xoxo madonna thank you for being you
Why the f are you asking little kids this
Nothing said about the churchill statue defaced in London.
@Donnie Inzodda II yeh but its not just saying black lives matter only.
5 years later...
It really isn't misleading when there are extreme cases.
@alice dees I agree with you 100%
@Ed Snowden Hitler statues?? Wise up. People will always go out of there way to be offended that's the 21st century full of bellends!
Lorenna Kocijancic I wasn’t talking to you. I was talking to Boet T GG haha
Over our choices now? yeah
I'm bisexual and haven't told eny one like my friends and family
It's not having few opportunitiesnIt's their OWN choice
It would be nice to have a discussion where people don’t try talking over each other and you can actually understand what is being said.
Not everyone believes in what you believe in.
HS Priti Patel thinks property right is more important than 120 years of justice denied.  What is more utterly disgraceful here?
Her lips no longer look natural. What has happened to this beauty?
L W that’s some gammon spelling
@Dangus BLM is kind of like feminism. At first it was about equality
@S. Tagerius u really have nothing better to do
In 100 years
Thank you.  Last time I checked all lives mattered - unless of course you have an agenda ...
And them coppers are fuckin useless.. Running off...lmfao..get the  riot shields out and give em some plastic bullets.. These thugs will soon yield
I love my cat....Small lives matter.
Check the Washington Post Database....he is correct there is not systemic police brutality towards non-white race....check the database...in 2019 there were 10 NON-white
Filman Riya I’m sorry I just like that game.
Michael LeBreton you know it dude
Open your eyes Democrat  are evil they want destroyed  family
Lol I want to study math not engineering
ok i'll bite. what about the 8 year old girl shot by blm protesters? what about the white lady who said all lives matter and walked away peacefully and got shot moments later? what about david dorn? what about all the other deaths? you know its only certain black lives matter to them right? its a agenda and nothing more. it may have started off with good intentions but those are gone.
Ass clowns at that!
@Kills Alone Bravo... Hear hear!!!
he's so precious🥺
Why dont you just leave if the country is that bad stop crying about it and  just go somewhere else is it probably you won't get all the WELFARE  FREEBIES and other countries  wouldn't  put up with your BULL CRAP
I agree that all lives matter although I care about no one else's life except for my family's and friends. Those are the only lifes that matter to me.
This happens every 4 years because of the dumfuk Democrats
No Knee  no apologies all lifes matter  they have an agenda that is scary I have mixed race grandchildren  of course all lifes  too much violence we need Police more than ever not defunding  my white son feels oppressed not privileged  that's sad for all our children shame on us for letting this get out of control it's dangerous for us all
The way i came out was literally coming out of a closet in Pride Month and they laughed and hoped i was joking. Nope
But that guy used his money for good... I hate slave trading and all
DIVIDE ET IMPERA. ! Divide society into blacks and whites
Wait that's a girl?
I'm getting mixed messages. They say they don't feel included
bhumes110 you should check out Polk county Florida sheriff to all the rioters he's the scariest thing they've experiencednnThe law
You lot are prejudiced pricks. Why do you assume that gays look different to everyone else?
She always puts her money where her mouth is. For as long as I remember
Corona is still here by the way-
Janet A nnImagine if after Martin Luther King jr’s “I have a dream speech” white peoples went around shouting “all colors have a dream too” nnLike seriously 🤦‍ do you guys have to make everything about you nnnBlack peoples are trying to fight for justice by saying they matter nnAnd you white people have to come out of nowhere screaming all “lives matter” 🤦‍ seriouslynnThis fight for their justice  has nothing to do with you people and yet you sorry asses want to jump in every black protest and make it about y’allnnthats just playing white privileged right there
Time to start burning books to end racism right
@Cáca Milis sa Seomra Spraoi your literally making racists
Me hearing they steal stuff also me in the protest and got myself a new pet cat and a a shit ton of cat food
@B. Fagan further more your being used by the woke left so they can gain control of the only institution they don control yet..LAW ENFORCEMENT..they dont want to abolish the police ...they want to replace them with partisan peace keepers..they will fill the prisons back up real quick...you want to see real racism..go to prison..its encouraged and promoted by the gate keepers
That will help lol we are in it together  remember one big melting pot which is more like a pressure cooker ready to explode. Such a shame
Bernie Sanders is a fool he is just sucking up to get votes from the black community.I am glad the sheriff stood up for truth and not apologize for it.
Maggie Paul I don’t know who you are but God Bless!
No black lifes matter is seen by other races as less valuable just like the black race sees all other races as less valuable every other race wants to be best.
My bad she’s a girl
Dumb cunts.nThese fucking morons shouldn't be given a video to whine about stupid shit. You don't wanna be the next buzzfeed.
Pandering to the racists. Why have democrats become the most racist hate group in America?
God bless  That Cop
Thank you I didn’t think that anyone cared
The hardcore Democrats are not innocent.
All lives matter means all lives black brown white.   Are people that ignorant
She probably is
Omg this was my first engineering toy I had no clue about the backstory
@xavier c question marks isnt going to tell me what ur thinking
@H Abda nSo I'm crucified for literally saying there's a possibility? Jesus man.
I will comeback if this video have subtitles
Democrats want everything. None for you.
Interesting chat. The woman saying who says she doesn't like homosexuality. Is actually a homophobic person who needs to take a hard look at oneself. This is someone who clearly can't being that way.
That was a very meaningful video
This shit makes me laugh.
Protest's happen time to time
@xThisUsernameIsTakenNowx I'm not trying to suppress anything.  BLM is a hate group.
Can't we gather these people in one location and bom them?
You may not know this
See y'all got idiots scumbags to
If you defund the police you should defund the Democrats.
I wonder if hiho will be fair and have other side to speak
@SuprotipOfficial people were created by GOD the LORD JESUS CHRIST but JESUS physically came on the seen in Matthew.  If you need more info text me GOD bless you and your family
Democrats can't give a simple three word answer they need an excuse to not agree with Republicans!!!!
The Pope itself said
Sage Lily Because straight is considered the normal in our society? Why would someone come out as straight?
@Aria Maas he never said only white lives matter he also said black lives matter too you idiot
Fasting is not starving and have to try to cure is not abusing.nnThe mindset must be change. nDo people with cancer and all the terminal ill being starving or abusing by their medical treatment? nPeople just try their best to help but sure some stubborn have different way to appreciate the effort and choose not to cooperate.nnAny trial to cure won't work if the person resist.nnEvery medication begin with human trial and error. nSome silly people just seek for their own stubbornness and when they get real things such HIV or any related sickness than will put all the humanity into much more problems.
I guess the mothers life that George Floyd held up at gunpoint while his boys robbed her house didn't matter. His does though. Very logical. Ignorant world. Smart cop
i’m actually about to start my college on civil engineering! do your thing
Shut up and be lucky you dont live in a third world country where you could be stabbed to death repeatedly and no one would give a damn
I thinkALL LIVES MATTER . Saying BLACK LIVES MATTER sounds like others don't matter. Of course black lives matter
I love this Sheriff! He tells the truth fearlessly.  ” An ideology of victimhood with a list that does not exist”. Man
Aren't we all FLESH and BLOOD?
@Alex S you should respect a person who is religious. Do you expect the whole earth to abandon their religion just because you can't accept their opinion and believes? That's pretty rude.
Anyone who supports homosexuals gays or lesbians is insane
I chuckled so hard at this comment
This totally explains the gender gap in schools.
@Sasha Dumse that is true. But we should ALL love each other as God says.
Bernie...you fool...it's not about race it's about right and wrong.
DEVINECLUB not a great argument as there are whites people who died at the hands of police.  But I still agree that a reform is needed.
Prostitution at its finest!
Engage them in discussion of why they think those things and why they think it's any business of theirs. Tell them the damage that bigotry does to the world and to everyone in it.
@baily my dog If your white and your called a snowflake its racist
i cant handle the kid who said that its a choice
Women need to keep fighting
A comment was deleted. It said Floyd was a crimminal.
A white guy got killed the same way before and nothing happened
Really is scary
I don't like judging a book by it's cover
Aranyak Biswas How is it ignorant you are implying that black people are not part of all lives. Stupid brainlet liberal.
Scott Clayton approvals are the 16th
Poor little fat ethnics...Silicon Valley what have you done to these plump engineereses ?!
you're going to hell
willholt11 When’s the last time you been with a real woman? Just wondering.
I'm  white  and  would  vote for  him  but  I think  there's  some one  better  candace Owens. She  very  smart  and  tuff  as they  come  great patriot
How's everyone enjoying diversity out there now? And the brainwashed communist college kids have become the enforcers
Toppling down was fair
@Der Introvert Ah so your proof is an appeal to personal incredulity fallacy. Just because YOU can't comprehend how things are the way they are that has to be god. Sorry
What’s the first thing America and Britain done when they reached Baghdad toppled the statue of Saddam Hussain it was the right thing to do then
@ that isnt equality..
Might as well throw my 2 cents in here. nnAs a black girl who wants to go into software development
Jasper Nova ik this is old and y’all are probably happily married but congratulations!
Black people are not the victims it's everyone else
I LOVE THESE SINCERE/SERIOUS INTERVIEWS WITH MADONNA. That's when she's at her best. People don't realize how deep she is. This is much better than her twerking or blowing up the white house.
that would just be uhh pure meean lmao shes so cute
Feminists and single mothers have ruined and killed the family via divorce and custody!  The family courts are garbage in the entire western world!
Brandon's EliteTV learn English dumbass .
She is the last truly 'intellectual' pop star
“God gave me a choice and my choice is love” that’s deep and amazing and i love that
Bring back the dinosaurs ffs.humans are toxic
TheLegend27 Is Alive she is literally a boy lol
Such fake sentiment. .
@A G black lives arent undervalued compared to white lives though
People who pulled it down can and will be arrested for causing damage to public property lol.
@Aaron Castellanos It will be a two hour movie showing people watching television
